
Prologue
Part 1
--[Urban Legends].
That was one of the [Desires] of which the amount almost numbered the
expanse of stars in the sky.
--For example the Urban Legend that 'No Human has really ever stepped
foot on the moon'.
--For example the conspiracy of the Freemasons in the American dollar bills.
--For example the time-space experiment that took place in Philadelphia.
The Chiyoda Line’s nuclear shelter, Area 51, the Roswell UFO incident, etc.
After seeing this many examples, it can be concluded that there is always
some kind of distinct pattern between them. That pattern is a...'It would be
interesting if it was real' kind of [Desire].
Smoke will not rise without fire as its source. However as it spreads and
builds up, that [Desire] becomes a [Rumor].
This kind of thinking was not strange to the world. Since ancient times,
Humans have always preferred the [Inevitable] to an [Accident], after all. The
birth of mankind was likely the accidental product of astronomical
probability. According to the humans, there was something that intentionally
wanted to create humans.
Looking from this way of thinking, the world was not chaotic, but
mororderly. By imagining out a reason behind the meaning of existence, to
help explore the vagaries and ruthless values of this world.
..........People lived with this desire in their hearts. Therefore, [Urban
Legends] can also be said to be something that was born from earnest
[Desire].
—Then. On this planet where there were enough [Urban Legends] to
illuminate the skies, there were examples of it being obviously the truth, yet
still being treated as an urban legend. In the end, nobody knows if they were
real.
—Don't be mistaken, this does not mean that the aforementioned urban
legends are true.
Only the reason behind the existence of these urban legends are somewhat
different from rumors.
Now then, how did this [Urban Legend] come about? It started as any
ordinary [Rumor]. But it became a rumor that was so unrealistic that it
changed from a [Rumor] to an [Urban Legend]. And that kind of [Rumor] is
like this one.
There was a rumor that had spread on the internet about a gamer named
『』[1]. According to more than 280 Online Game Rankings, there was a
player with an undefeated record that always stood proudly at top of the
rankings with 『』 as his name. "There is no way something like that could
exist" may be what you are thinking. That was also what everyone else
believed and it became a simple hypothesis.
'That was just the doing of the development staff to make the game become
popular using a player with the name 『 』. In reality, that kind of
player does not exist at all.'
The game developers who did not expose the identity of 『 』 caused
an unknowingly explosive action to happen, like a form of beauty, with this
player who did not exist—
But the strange thing was that he participated in wars and many players
have faced against him.
He was unrivaled...just like a raging storm.
He was said...to have beaten a Grandmaster level chess program completely.
He was said...to have an aberrant playing style and having a hand that was
hard to read.
He was said...to have been using Tool Assists, and to have relied on Cheat
Codes.
He was said.....was said.....was said.....
One who was interested in that [Rumor] decided to investigate it further.
The method was not that hard. If a person was placed first in either a
Consumer Game, PC Game, or Social Game, that person would surely have an
account. And if that account exists, the list of achievements can also be
investigated.
But the one that investigated it further actually fell into a trap. Because 『
』 in reality had his own account for every game console and SNS, and same
with the number of games, it was [Countless]. He didn't have even one black
spot in his win-loss records.
--With that, the mystery thickened and some even hypothesized that 『
』 was a hacker that erased his own loss records, a group of gamers that
only high-level players were invited to, etc.
With this, a new [Urban Legend] was born.
—However, in this case, the person who created this 『 』 rumor must
also be responsible.
Because he had an account, he was given the right to speak, but he
completely ignored this privilege.
Silent, not even communicating at all.
Since there was no provision of information, everything was a mystery
besides the fact that 『 』 was Japanese.
No one has seen his real face—— This had also been the main reason why
the urban legend was accelerating.
—So.
—Let us introduce.
—The truth.
Crowned in the world ranking for his victorious battles in over 280 games.
This record has never been broken since the establishment of his identity,
the legendary player.
『 』—his true identity———!
Part 2
"...Aa..... I'm dying....aa, now I died for real.....hey, my little sister, hurry up,
rez[2], rez~!"
"*Zuzu*...
... It is impossible....to use my feet for controlling the mouse...."
"Whatever hurry up, my little sister--Or should I say, my sly little sister--even
though I have not even eaten for three days, you are eating instant noodles?
On top of that, you're doing so while in battle."

"Nii, you want to eat too...? Something like Calorie Mate[3] or so...."
"Ah, that thing that only those bourgeois eat[4]. Like hell I'll eat something
like that. That aside, please hurry up and rez!"
"...*Zuzuzu*.....here, Nii's share."
"Oh! Thank you~.....by the way, what time is it now?"
"Let's see......still eight o' clock at night."
"What a novel way to describe eight o' clock in the morning as 'night'. Then,
what day is today?"
"....Who knows? Wait....one, two.....four cup of instant noodles so.......fourth
day?"
"Wait, my little sister. I don't mean how much time has passed since we
started pulling all-nighters gaming. What I mean is the 'date' of today."
"Does that even matter.....to Nii who is a NEET?"
"Of course it matters--something like an online event or tournament
could have happened!"
--Like that, was a conversation of a certain boy and girl while playing net
games.
Their glances met with each other's inside the room as they chatted.
The size of the room was around sixteen tatami mats[5]. Considerably wide.
However, inside it was full of game consoles, four consoles for each person--
so a total of eight of them.
On the floor there were many game packages that were already unsealed,
and also [Food]- which were instant noodle packages and mineral water 
bottles scattered on the floor, which made the sense of 'wide' unable to be
felt at all.
The LED display gave off a faint light and the only source of light other than
that was the sunlight that was even now blocked by curtains.
"...Nii, are you.......not going to find a job?"
"--Then why didn't you also go to school, my little sister?"
"..."
"..."
Just like that they ended their conversation and no one spoke on the subject
thereafter.
The older brother--Sora. Eighteen years old. No occupation. A virgin.
Unpopular. Unable to communicate well. Game freak. Wearing a T-shirt and
jeans that gave the impression of being a shut-in with unkempt black hair.
The little sister--Shiro. Ten years old. Truant. Didn't have any friends. A
bullied child. Anthropophobia.[6] Game freak. One would doubt whether she
had a blood relation or not with her brother because she had white hair in
contrast to her brother's. Her hair was so long that it flowed down over her
face and she wore the school sailor uniform that she never even worn since
she transferred schools.
Kuuhaku
That was the true identity of 『 』 (空白) which was the combination of their
names, Sora (空) and Shiro (白).
—This is the truth.
If everybody knew this, nobody would want to pursue or accept this truth,
and would continue to keep hugging the illusions of the urban legend.
Part 3
Now, it seems that the process of forming an [Urban Legend] has already
been explained.
In short, that was Humanity's [Desire], born from the disorder of this world.
It was not 'inevitable', but it was closer to an 'accident'.
The world is unreasonable and irrational.
It has no meaning at all.
The desire of one who recognized and yet didn't accept the truth of this can
make the boring world more interesting. Born from earnest [Desire], namely
—an [Urban Legend].
Then, how about I lend a hand to make the world become a bit more
interesting, by making a new [Urban Legend]?
--For now, let's write with stylistic beauty like this.
--The story begins with this opening.
--[Have you ever heard about this rumor?]
One day, an e-mail came to a 'person' that was said to be this world's best
gamer.
It was only a short, mysterious message with an additional URL inside it.
When one has clicked on it, a certain game will be started.
Once that person has cleared that game, they will......
Part 4
"....Argh, enough with this already.......gonna sleep."
"Wait! You are the one that's in charge of the team's recovery, and if you log
out--"
".....If it's you, Nii, you will be able to do it."
"Theoretically it is possible! If I operate my own two characters with both
my hands and also two of yours using both my feet after all--"
".....Fi...ght!"
"Wait! Please wait a moment, my little sister! If you sleep I will surely die----
Uoooooooo, you see, I've gone and died!"
The stack of instant noodle cups had already become a tower five cups tall.
Which also means that these siblings have already done all-nighters gaming
for five days straight.
Even knowing that her brother was in a bitter situation, Shiro still slept
anyway, using a game console as her pillow.
Ring--
Suddenly a tone notifying the siblings that they had mail sounded.
"....Nii, an e-mail."
"Just what are you demanding from your brother who's currently playing
using
four characters on four different screens? You still want a request from me,
but I really have no more extra strength!"
He skillfully operated the mouse using both his hands and his feet. He
furiously commanded a party of four by himself and answered in one breath.
"I'm sure it's just another advertisement e-mail anyway, just ignore it--"
"....What if....it came from a friend?"
"Whose friend?"
"...Nii's."
"Haha, how weird, somehow I can feel you stabbing me through my chest
with such an ironic statement, my lovely sister."
"I don't...want you to say...it's mine.........."
"Then it's an advertisement e-mail after all. Or should I say, if you want to
sleep, just sleep! If you're not going to sleep, please help me a bit here--
Noooo, died, I've died!"
Let's repeat it again. Eighteen years old. Without an occupation. A cherry boy.
Unpopular. Unable to communicate well. Game freak. It's not boasting but, it
wasn't just that he didn't have a girlfriend, he didn't have even one person
that could be called a [Friend]. That was also the same with the little sister.
"...Uu....what a bother."
Shiro tried to wake her consciousness and muster all her strength to get up.
It would be no problem if that really was an advertisement. But, one that
couldn't be ignored is an advertisement about a new game.
"....Nii, where is the tablet PC...?"
"At three o'clock from there, in the second mountain of eroge from the left,
and placed around the third and forth box--Uooooo, my feet are getting
cramped!"
Ignoring the brother who was in anguish, Shiro easily found it in the exact
location that Sora specified. Perhaps one would question why a hikikomori
and a NEET would need a tablet PC. But that is of course a foolish question,
because the answer is obviously that it is used for gaming. But, that was not 
the main use of the tablet PC. For countless games they also need countless
e-mail addresses, but even excluding the addresses that were not for gaming
use, there were still more than 30 e-mail accounts which were all
synchronized. This is what true efficiency is.
"....The sound is Ring-- so it came from..... the third address of the main
account......is it this one?"
The white-haired girl whose memory was extraordinary compared to an
ordinary person, easily found the message.
And then—the person at the back who lead a successful crusade against
people in real-time combat by manipulating four roles at once, let out a roar
of triumph, before she viewed the e-mail.
【New mail----Subject: To the both of you, 『 』.】
"...?"
Shiro bent her head slightly.
E-mails that were addressed to 『 』 were not rare.
War Requests, Invitations, Provocative Challenges--those are what they
would commonly receive, but--
"...Nii."
"What is it, my cruel little sister who said that she wanted to sleep and
abandoned your brother alone in the game, and in the end didn't sleep and
still left your physically tired brother to play?""
"....This."
As if she didn't hear the sarcasm from her brother who didn't look like he
was about to listen, Shiro showed the mail to her brother.
"Hmm---what is this?"
The brother noticed that the mail looked peculiar.
"Saving. Okay, that's done. Checking the item drops, that's done too."
After checking that there was nothing wrong, Sora closed the game screen
that had been continuously running since five days ago and switched it to
his inbox to check out the e-mail that he had just received.
"...How does this guy know that 『 』 is actually a pair of siblings?"
There were actually a lot of people that hypothesized that 『 』 was
actually a group of people, but the main problem lies not from the what was
written as the subject, but from the content that said--
【Have you siblings ever felt that you guys were born into the wrong
world?】
"What.....is this?"
"............."
It was a somewhat, no, it was a considerably strange message. It also
included a URL that they had never seen before. At the end of the URL,
there was no [.jp] to represent the country domain name. This URL was
pointed to a specific page—and it looked like it was linked to a game.
"...What should we do?"
Shiro who did not seem very interested, went back to her game console
pillow and tried to sleep. Which means that she would just leave the
decision up to her brother--
"Hmm, so 'you' plan on making me take a bet on it, huh. Well, even if this
thing turns out to be just a bluff in the end, let's just treat it as another
amusement."
He made that decision and clicked on the URL. He was on full alert in case of
a virus infection, while the security software was running full throttle. What
appeared there on the screen was just simple online chess.
".....*Yawn*...good night..."
"Wait wait wait! This is a challenge for 『 』, you know. If the other
party has an advanced chess program, just me alone will not be enough to
win!"
Sora tried to stop his sister from sleeping.
"...Who plays chess well...these days...."
"Umm, I know how you feel but...."
A program that was able to beat even the strongest Grandmasters. Even with
that, the little sister had lost interest in chess after beating this program
twenty consecutive times.
"It wouldn't be forgiven if 『 』 lost. Please at least stay awake until
we know the extent of the opponent's ability."
"....Uuuu.....it can't be helped."
And then Sora started the game. After seeing her brother do one move, two
moves, Shiro began to nod off because of the sense of sleepiness that had
piled up. Five moves, ten moves, and before he knew it half of the board had
already been filled with pieces. Shiro suddenly snapped her eyes open and
stared at the screen.
"...Huh? This guy is...."
While Sora was feeling uncomfortable, Shiro stood up and said something.
"...Nii, change players..."
Without any objections, Sora obediently stood up from the chair and moved.
Shiro thought that her older brother could do no more at this point. In other 
words, Shiro recognized that the other party was a worthy opponent. The
little sister who had just changed places with her brother started to plan her
moves.
Chess is a [Zero-sum game of limited decisions]. In this game where [Luck]
was non-existent and occasionally point game. In theory, a surefire way to
win existed, but in the end that is just theory. It is based on mastering and
being able to see every single possible move- 10^120 of them. A person who
could do that surely did not exist.
But there was someone who could assert that [Existence], and that was
Shiro. She had mastered and could comprehend the large--no, enormous--
amount of possible moves in chess. If you keep choosing the best chess
moves, then you will have the upper hand and win if you go first. If you went
second the way of escape was a draw. That is how the theory goes. What
about against an opponent who could foresee two hundred million moves in
a second? This world's strongest chess program was proven to not be
perfect enough for the little sister when she had won 20 consecutive
victories against it.
"....No way."
And that kind of strongest player had just been surprised by what was in
front of her.
"Calm down. This, I'm sure the other party is human."
"Why?"
"In a program's case, it would always choose the best move to play. In one
way that is a good thing, but on the other hand it also means that it can only
use tactics that it was already programed to use. That's why you can win
against them easily. But this guy is--"
Sora pointed at the screen.
"The other party lured you in and made you play a bad move, and if you feel
that it is natural for a program to do that, then you would be wrong."
"....Uuu."
The little sister was unable to object to her older brother's words.
--Of course, regarding their abilities playing chess, no, in most games Shiro
and Sora were overwhelmingly strong. Perhaps calling them by the title
"genius gamers" would not be an exaggeration. In Shiro's case, she can only
act based on her logic. That's why she can easily defeat even the most
powerful advanced chess programs. However, her ability in sensing other
people's [Motives] is dull. That's why at times like this, Shiro needed to leave
it to Sora. Even though he had poor communication skills, his perception in
feeling other peoples' [Motives] was unexpectedly outstanding.
"Calm down, if the opponent is not a program, all the more reason that
there's no way you will lose. Don't be taken in by his provocation. I will point
out every one of his provocations and tactics so that you beat him."
".....Understood.....Shiro will do her best..."
This is the reason behind their success in becoming the world's best gamer.
The game had now been running for more than six hours. Adrenaline and
dopamine were flowing from their brains, making them forget their fatigue
from doing all-nighters gaming for five days, and helping them concentrate to
the utmost limit. Six hours--but that felt to them as if the game had already
lasted for several days.
Finally, the last decisive moments happened. And then a emotionless voice
signaling the end of the game could be heard from the speakers.
'Checkmate'
That was the siblings' win.
""...""
After a long silence--
""Fuaaaaaaah.""
They each took a long breath. It was almost as if the game had made them
forget to breathe. After taking another long breath, the two started laughing.
"Amazing......it's been a while.....since I've played in a hard fight like this."
"Haha, that was the first time I ever saw you have a hard time when dealing
with a simple game though, right?"
"...Nii, is the opponent.....really a human?"
"Yes, I'm sure of it. He took a lot of time when deciding to provoke you into a
trap to make you play a bad move, and when it didn't work I could sense a
feeling of disturbance from him. I'm sure he is a human--or maybe a
'monster'."
"...I wonder what kind of person he is."
The little sister that was even able to beat a Grandmaster level chess
program sounded interested.
"Maybe a Grandmaster? Programs are exact, but a human is complex after
all."
"...I see...next time....I want to play....Shogi against that Dragon King."
"Will the Dragon King even accept your shogi challenge? Why don't we find
out!"
After the game, the two of them felt a great sense of happiness and grinned
happily while they were talking.
Ring--
Suddenly, the mail notification tone could be heard.
"Hey, maybe that e-mail just now is from the opponent. Try opening it."
".....Un."
But the content of the e-mail was only one sentence.
【Well done. With that kind of ability, I am sure you find living to be
painful?】
With only that single sentence, it was as if their mental states had dropped to
zero degrees. Silence filled the room, and only the sound of the PC's fans
could be heard. Countless wires were strewn over the floor, along with
scattered trash and clothes. It felt as if time was frozen in that room where
curtains blocked out the sunlight, and a sense of deprivation of space filled
the air. Isolated in the narrow sixteen tatami sized room. This was the world
the siblings were in—all of it.
--Unpleasant memories were running through their minds.
The older brother, who naturally excelled at reading people's true motives
just by hearing their words. The white haired, red eyed little sister, who by
nature had high intelligence--but was a person that no one could understand.
The two siblings had shut their hearts after their parents passed away. No
matter how optimistically they tried to recount memories of the past— No,
even now it was still the same.
The little sister silently bowed.
Not long after thinking that, the older brother angrily started to type a reply.
【None of your business! Who the hell are you anyways?】
A reply came almost right away after he replied to the message. No, whether
it could really be called a reply or not could be doubted because the content
of this new e-mail was--
【What do you guys think about this world? Is it interesting? Is it a place that
can make you guys feel at ease?】
Because of these words, the older brother forgot about his anger and made
eye contact with his younger sister.
There was no need to reconfirm, the answer has long been clear from the
start.
"It's a shit game[7]."
...With no clear objectives or rules, a stupid game.
Around seven billion players move as they please.
Ones that have more than others get penalized. The little sister who was now
isolated, was isolated because she was smarter than those of her age-- no one
could understand her and she was bullied.
Even ones that have less than others get penalized. The older brother, The
always smiling brother who always failed, even when scolded by parents or
teachers.
Never had the rights to skip.
--Silence only made one a target to be bullied by others. --
Talking too much made one become alienated by others.
--Being able to read peoples' real intentions too much also made one become
alienated by others.
No clear objectives, no parameters, even the genre is unknown.
Ones that do as the rules say are punished, yet ones that ignore the rules are
not punished and even look down from their positions as the elite. No game
could be compared with this kind of difficult, worst game.
"Damn it!"
Sora grit his teeth and caressed his little sister's head.
The atmosphere of those two who felt like they could stand in the realm of
gods after that exciting game was gone. What was there, was only these two
siblings who were isolated from society. They were only but depressed, frail
humans.
The sound Ring-- could suddenly be heard.
The older brother controlling the cursor did not care and was about to shut
down the computer. But, his sister held his hands to stop him.
【What if a world where everything was decided by a simple game existed--
】
Sora, who had actually tried to turn off the PC just then, was unable to do
anything other than read that after seeing those words.
【--A world where the objectives and rules were clear, a world on top of a
game board, what do you think?】
The two exchanged looks, laughing, and both of them nodded their heads.
Then the older brother began typing on the keyboard.
【If that kind of world actually does exist, then that really does mean that
we were born into the wrong world.】
Is what he replied after he read the content of the letter.
Suddenly--
-Shaaaaa.
The PC's screen gave off a faint noise and then it made a sound like a circuit
breaker overloading. After that sound, nothing else could be heard and it was
as if everything had stopped; only the screen with the e-mail had been left
moving.
"Just what is--"
"...!"
Noise could be heard within the room. There was a sound that sounded like
the house itself was creaking, and there was also the sound of an electrical
discharge. The brother panicked and quickly looked around the room, and
the little sister just stared, dumbfounded. After that, the noise became
increasingly intense and finally became a sound that was not unlike that of
the static noise from an empty TV channel. And then from the speakers--no,
from the screen of the computer, a [Voice] could be heard.
[I also think the same. You two were born into the wrong world.]
Suddenly a pair of white hands appeared from the screen.
"Wha--!"
"...Hiii!"
The hands dragged both of them by the wrists towards the screen.
[I will let you siblings be born again- again, in the world where you two
should have been born!]
Their vision filled with a blinding white light, and they shut their eyes.
When they had opened their eyes again, the first thing that they noticed was
the light and warmth of the sun. It had been a while since they had last felt it,
and also the sensation of the retinas being burned by the light. The brother
who had come to his senses first, after his pupils adjusted, noticed that they
were both high up in the sky.
"Uooooooooooo!"
The scenery had suddenly shifted from a narrow room to a vast expanse of
space.
They were--in the air.
Suddenly appearing in the vast sky, Sora, who finally grasped the situation
shouted.
"What the hell is thiiiiis!"
No matter how he saw it, no matter how many times he looked, he was sure
that the whole island underneath him--and other islands as well-- were
floating. There was also a certain creature that had flown by him in the sky, a
dragon. In the distance, he could see a number of immensely large chess
pieces near a range of mountains, which could have made people lose their
sense of distance.
'What's with this fantasy-like kind of entrance?' is what was floating
through Sora's mind. The scenery, no matter how many times he tried to
compare it, was not the same scenery from the [Earth] that he knew. But the
main problem right now, he quickly realized, was not that. Currently, they
were both skydiving without a single parachute--a free fall.
"I'm going to die!"
It took 3 seconds for him to be convinced of this.
But, as if to break this sorrowful confirmation, a loud shouting could be
heard beside him.
"Welcome to my world!"
The [Boy] falling beside him said while opening his arms and laughing.
"This is the Utopia that you guys dreamed of, the world on top of a game
board, [Disboard]--everything here is decided by a game, even one's life and
country borders!"
Sora probably understood about 10 seconds later.
Shiro, who understood the situation as soon as she opened her eyes,
embraced her brother while crying.
".....Who are you--?"
Shiro tried her best to shout while falling at a frighteningly high speed, but
ended up only murmuring her question. But the boy answered while still
smiling like usual.
"Me? About me~ I....live there."
He said that while pointing in the direction of the giant chess pieces near the
horizon, which Sora had seen for the first time only a short while ago.
"Hmm, in your world you might call me 'God', right?"
Placing his index finger on his cheek, the self-proclaimed god spoke cutely
and full of friendliness.
—However, nobody knew if what he said was true.
"This isn't the time for that! We're falling towards the ground at a really fast
speed--whoaaah! Shiro!"
"...............................!"
Not knowing if it would do any good, Sora held Shiro within his arms and
then he turned his body so that he would be below Shiro. After that, Shiro
who was in Sora's arms issued a soundless scream.
Seeing that, the boy who called himself God spoke to them with a happy
tone.
"I look forward to seeing you again. Yes, without a doubt, it won't be long."
And like that, their consciousnesses blacked out.
Part 5
"U....Uun....."
The feeling of soil. The aromatic smell of grass. When Sora had recovered his
consciousness, he realized that he was on the ground.
"Just what the hell was that...."
Was this a dream? Is what Sora thought but he didn't say it out loud.
"....Uu....what a weird dream."
The little sister who woke up a bit later than Sora moaned.
Hey, little sister. Don't raise the "isn't this a dream" flag. Sora thought about
saying this, but deliberately decided against it.
While having such thoughts, Sora stood up and pretended that nothing
had happened, but what was under his feet was undoubtedly land.
The fresh blue sky, which he had also not seen in a while, was above him.
"Whoaaaaa!"
Sora realized that he was standing on the edge of a cliff, and hurriedly backed
off by two steps.
Then, overlooking the landscape across the cliff.
An incredible landscape was laid out before his eyes.
......No, that expression wasn't right. It was a different word, but what?
There were floating islands and dragons. And across the mountains on the
horizon were huge chess pieces.
This means that it was the view they had of the world while falling.
Which means that--it was not a dream...
"Hey, my little sister."
".....Un...."
Overlooking the picturesque view of the landscape, he said.
"I've always thought that 'life' was an impossible game--a game that was fit
only for masochists."
"......Un....."
And then they said with their voices in harmony.
""So it finally bugged out, huh...enough, what the hell is this super awful shit
game!""
After that— both of them lost consciousness again.
Part 6
--[Have you ever heard about this rumor?]
One day, an e-mail came to a 'person' that was said to be this world's best
gamer.
It was only a short, mysterious message with an additional URL inside it.
When one has clicked on it, a certain game will be started.
Once that one has cleared that game, they will disappear from 'this' world.
And then that person will be invited to a parallel universe.
That kind of [Urban Legend] which invited people to another world....will you
believe it?
Chapter 1 - Beginner/Amateur
Part 1
—In a past that was far too long ago.
The Old Deus [8] competed with the ultimate prize of being the supreme, sole
God on the line and started a war, along with their servants and created
beings.
This war lasted for a long, long time, so long it felt numbing.
There was no land that was not stained with blood, and cries of agony had
never ceased to echo through the skies.
The races with knowledge hated each other, slaughtered each other, and
continued to repeat their countless killings.
The elves had small villages as their bases, and they cast magic to hunt
their enemies.
The dragons used their bodies for killing purposes, and the warbeasts
devoured their prey like animals.
The land that was swallowed by the sunset and became a barren land was
swallowed by the deeper darkness due to the wars amongst the old Deus.
The ‘Demon Lords’ and their allied monsters that were created by the
Fantazma went rampant and dominated the land.
In this kind of world, no further numbers of nobility, beauties or even
warriors would work.
Humans were just an insignificant existence.
They had to bet their lives on building their countries and forming clans just
to survive.
The legendary hero who could be hailed by the bards did not appear—and
just like that, it was a blood-stained era.
This was a story that was far longer and older than the skies, seas and land—
called the ‘Disconnect Board’.
However, the war they thought would continue for eternity suddenly ended.
The skies, seas, land—and even the stars that filled the skies.
They lost the will to continue this emaciated, weary war where they were
it was tantamount to die without benefits.
And just like that—at this point, the Old Deus with the most amount of power
left sat on the only throne for a sole God.
And so, this Deus who had been watching from the sidelines all this while...
Abstaining from the war from the beginning till the end.
The Deus sat on the throne, looking at the devastation on the land around
him.
He declared to all the people roaming on the land.
"—To everyone, who used up all extremes of strength, violence, desperation,
and death.
Show me proof that you, who built towers of corpses, are knowledgeable
beings as you so claim."
'What is the difference between you and the ‘unintelligent beasts’?
All the races unanimously said that there was no need to prove their own
intelligence.
But, in front of this barren and abandoned world, this discourse was too
empty.
Ultimately, there was no answer that was accepted by God.
God said.
—From this piece of Heaven, I command that there will be no plundering or
bloodshed.
Those words became an [Oath], becoming the absolute unchanging law of the
world.
From that day onwards, [War] disappeared from the world.
But the population that considered themselves rational sent complaints to
god in unison.
Even if [War] has disappeared, [Conflict] still exists—
God said, in that caseThose
of the [Sixteen Races] that claim to be the most intelligent creatures.
Those who use all extremes of your reason, intelligence, ability and financial
resources.
Build towers of wisdom, and through that thou shalt prove thy own
intelligence.
God took out sixteen chess pieces—and laughed maliciously.
Thus, the [Ten Oaths] were born, and [War] disappeared from the world.
All disputes were resolved by [Games].
That was the law of the sole God, and that God's name was—TET.
Part 2
Andalusia continent, the Kingdom of Elchea, the Capital-- Elchea.
An area limited to the southern part of the equator, stretching to the
northeast of the continent, was a small country that was located in the
westernmost part, but it was more accurate to say that it was a small city.
It was a country that had previously occupied half of the continent in
mythical times, but now it has lost its former glory.
What was left was the last of the once great empire— A small and vulnerable
country.
—More precisely.
This was also the last kingdom for the human species.
—At the outskirts of the city not far away.
A tavern and inn that could only exist in RPG games was the first floor of a
building.
There were two people who were surrounded by many viewers, two girls
that were currently playing a game on a table.
One of the girls looked to be around 15 or 16 years old, having red hair while
giving out a sense of elegance with her manners and dress.
As for the other person—
Although she looked very alike in age with the redhead, her temperament
and clothing gave out a sense of maturity in other peoples' points of view.
Wearing a black veil draped over her head, resembling a mourning shawl—
was a black-haired girl.
As for the ongoing game that they were having........it seemed to be poker.
The expressions on both their faces were in deep contrast, with the redhead
having a stern look due to anxiety.
On the other hand, the deadpan poker face on the black-haired girl face
made everyone peek at the color of calmness.
Anyways—the red-haired girl was losing thoroughly.

"......Hey, can you hurry it up?"
"An, annoying. I am still thinking."
—It was a pub, and the already drunken audience roared with vulgar
laughter in the broad daylight.
This added a shade of distress onto the red-haired girl's face.
But in any case——the scene as of now emerged as bustling.
…………—
During a game that was held outside the pub.
Sitting at a table next to open air, a young girl who was wearing a hood
peered through the window from the side and said.
"........How.....lively.........what happened?"
"Ah? Don't you foreigners know at all?—-But then again, there isn't any other
human country left."
Sitting next to the girl who was peeping into the window, were two people
that were playing a game on the table.
Playing, were a teenage male who was also hooded just like the young girl, as
well as a bearded middle-aged man with a bulging beer belly.
The teenager replied.
"Ah—because we are from the countryside, we are not clear with situations
regarding the metropolis."
Coincidentally, both of them were also playing the same game as the ones
inside.......[Poker].
—Only, the bargaining chips they used were bottle caps.
Because of the remarks by that teenager, the middle-aged man said
doubtfully.
"The so-called humans that don't live in this country...........aren't they
hermits?"
"Haha, that is true. Okay, so what is all the commotion inside?"
The bearded man got shot back with the question after cleverly avoiding it.
".......Right now, there is currently a gambling tournament to [Elect the next
king] for Elchea."
With eyes watching the situation in the pub, the hooded girl continued
asking.
".......Elect........the next king?"
"Yes. These were the previous king's last words before dying."
[The next king shall not be inherited by blood relations, but the coronation of
"Humanity's strongest gambler".]
Continuing to add on the bottle caps, the bearded man said.
"In the fight to gamble for the country, the human species were defeated.
Now there is only Elchea, which is also the capital of this country—so there
was no time to look decent now."
"Huuu, [Gambling for the country], eh.......that seems to be something very,
very interesting."
The hooded teen replied.
He was very alike to the hooded girl, feeling very concerned and peeping into
the pub to look at the situation.
"—Well, why? Are those kids like the candidates to be the next king?"
"Un? The so-called word [Candidate] seems wrong, because as long as you
are a human, anyone is eligible to participate."
Just—adding these words, the man moved his line of sight towards the
tavern.
—Obviously playing poker, but she does not seem to know the meaning of
the word "poker face".
Giving a glance to the red-haired girl whose whining voice could be heard
and her intent while staring at the opponent's hand could be felt, the man
said.
"That red-haired girl over there is called "Stephanie Dora"— the previous
king's blood kin. If they followed his will, about a non-royal nor bloodrelated
person becoming the king, then she will lose everything, so her goal
is to become the next king."
The blood kin of that guy who made humanity lose, never expected to have
such desperate children......
Added the man before sighing, bluntly commenting on the noise inside.
".........Huuu....."
"Un.......[Gambling for the country]—even the so-called borders are decided
with games, right?"
The hooded girl and teen expressed their feelings.
The girl felt admiration.
The teen felt interest.
"Whatever the case, the system of the gambling tournament is heating up
considerably."
".........Round robin?"
"As long as you are a human, anyone can be the next king, so long as you
register your name. Regardless of the methods, it will be decided with a
game. The loser will be deprived of qualification while the last man
standing will be the king."
—So, the rules are simple. The easier it is to understand, the better it is.
But, the hooded teen doubtfully said.
"........It really is that casual, eh. Wouldn't there be any problems?"
"As long as you respect the [Ten Oaths], with both sides judging each other,
there would be no restrictions, nor any restriction on the competition
mode— Including who, what to use and at what time. After all, it is a national
gambling thing for the country."
"......No, I don't mean that."
The hooded teen muttered in an eloquent tone while looking into the
pub again.
The girl whispered to the teen.
".......Of course, total defeat."
"Ahh, we think of the same things."
Saying it to each other, the teen took out a square-shaped item from his
pocket.
Facing towards the tavern, he operated it for a while before it sounded with
a 'Kacha'.
—After that, the middle-aged man secretly laughed.
"So, little brother? It isn't the time for you to think of the outcome of other
people, right?"
Apologizing, the man suddenly spread out his cards.
"Full house. Sorry, eh."
The man who was convinced that he had won—thought of the people that
would be his later and leaked out a nasty smile.
—But, looking at the hooded teen.
He still showed that disinterested face he had since the start.
But now a reaction came and he gave out a response.
"Eh? Ah—sorry. Oh, yes."
Saying this, the teen casually revealed his poker and the middle-aged man
stared in disbelief.
"A roy, royal straight flush—!?"
Towards the man who stayed emotionless and yet received the best hand in
the game, the man got up and roared.
"You, you guys cheated me, right!?"
"Hey, hey, hey, how rude.......do you have any evidence?"
Facing against the teen who exposed a thin smile and was preparing to get
up from his seat, the man continued speaking mercilessly.
"The probability of getting a royal straight flush is only 1/650000, how
could you get it so easily!"
"Then today must be the day where I hit that 1 out of 650000 chances right,
Uncle? You really do have bad luck, eh."
Leisurely leaving behind this sentence, the teen spread his hands wide.
"Then, could you get me what you had "bet"?"
"—You deserve to die."
Clucking his tongue, the man took out his wallet and purse.
"Article six of the [Ten Oaths], 'As per the oath, the wager will be
unconditionally adhered to'— Okay, I will accept it."
".....Thank you......Uncle."
The hooded teen stood up casually after finishing and left.
After nodding with a bow, the girl started chasing after the figure of that teen.
At that time, a figure that seemed to be a friend approached the bearded man
who was watching the two people stroll into the pub.
"Hey, although we were all watching from start to end, why did you have to
bet on "Everything you had"?"
"Ah.......Oh my God, what am I going to do about the living expenses."
"No, compared to that, what did they bet on, making you put up all your
living expenses?"
Sighing, the bearded man responded listlessly.
"They said [Free to do whatever you want with us two]."
"What—"
"Although I felt it was a little too fitting ......But I thought it would work seeing
that they are from the
countryside......... So how?"
"You can't do anything about it....... Oh yeah, which one would you choose?"
"—Ha?"
"But......bisexual or lolicon, both are out of your league, eh....."
"Wuh- hey, hey, wait a moment!"
"What, ah~ don't worry, I will keep it a secret from Kamei-san. As a
consideration, you have to treat me♪"
"No, not that! Moreover, my cash has already been taken away! Compared to
this—"
"The condition bet did not only include the girl's chastity, it was also
equivalent to [Betting two peoples' lives], but the case of getting a royal
straight flush while looking so absent-minded? What exactly is backing up
those two guys......"
—………
"........Nii.....cunning."
"Ah? Why did that come out from you too."
".......Deliberately using......that kind.......of cheat that sticks out by a mile."
—Yep, it was exactly what the man had said.
The royal straight flush could not have simply appeared that easily.
Coming up with this kind of hand was tantamount to declaring openly that
you were cheating.
But—
"Article eight of the [Ten Oaths], once cheating has been discovered in a
game, it will be deemed as a defeat—"
The teen muttered out the rule of this world he had just remembered.
"—Which means, as long as you are not found out then you can do it. Isn't
receiving acknowledgement nice."
The teen's argument revealed that he had only conducted a simple
experiment, before stretching his waist.
"Well, at least we earned some military spendings."
"........Nii............understands.....how the money works here?"
"It's impossible to know, right? But, leave this to me- this is within your
brother's field of expertise."
The teen said it with a tone that the bearded man and his friend had
never heard,
Before walking into the building that had the inn and tavern.
Part 3
Despite the bustling commotion due to the heated game on the central
table, two people walked to the counter.
Reaching the counter, the hooded teen took out his wallet from his purse
and emptied the coins out, before asking slowly.
"I'd like a room for two. One bed is enough. How many nights will this
amount of money get us?"
The figure which had a boss-like aura glanced over quickly.
After a moment of hesitation.
".........One day with three meals."
However, the hooded teen laughed towards this remark— and with his eyes
covered by the hood, continued talking.
"Ah haah~I said. Ah, after trekking for five nights straight, the fatigue is
enough to kill me. We are totally exhausted already—so could you quickly
tell me, [How many nights can we stay]?"
"—What?"
"Although we do look like country people who don't know the monetary
value, it's fine with me if you want to raise the price. But, I recommend that
when you lie, please take note of your line of sight and tone of voice, 'kay ~♪"
The teen laughed while saying these words- it appeared that his eyes had a
keen radiance that saw right through him.
With the boss sweating nervously, he sucked in his lips and replied.
".......Che. Two days, then."
"You see, lying again.....let's just compromise this- ten days with meals
provided, then."
"Wha! What kind of compromise is that!!? You, fine... three days with meals,
how meddlesome!"
"Ah, so it's like that, eh. Then a discount, five days with food attached."
"Wuh—"
"You are trying to deceive customers into pumping out their oil before
lining your own pockets with the money, then splurging it all, right?"
"Whu, wait, that sort of thing—"
"And you are the owner of this tavern but not the owner of the inn, right?
Should I report you?"
He had kept a smile on his face since the start of the conversation.
But facing against this teen who spared no pains to negotiate with him, the
boss could only make an awkward and stiff expression before replying,
"Little brother, you obviously have a worldly expression, but you're
unexpectedly ruthless, eh..........I get it, four days with meals provided, how's
that?"
"Okay~, thank you for the hospitality♪"
Still wearing that smile, the teen took the room keys from the man's hand.
"Your room's at the innermost corner on the third floor. What's........your
name?"
The hooded youth replied to the somewhat impatient boss who was
holding onto the register.
"Un~..........Kuuhaku[9] would do."
Sora purred and spun the keys on his fingers.
He suddenly patted the head of his little sister, who was ecstatically
watching the climax of the game on the central table.
"Look, I finished negotiations, we get to stay for four days. You may quickly
worship your onii-sama— what are you doing?"
Shiro was staring at that Stephen............something, the person introduced by
the bearded man early on.
A distressed expression was exposed on that girl's face.
Her askew expression made people think that that without a doubt, she did
not have a hope of victory.
"........That person— will lose."
"Probably. So what?"
Revealing her emotions without hiding them, even if there was a chance,
she still would not win.
Maybe it was as the bearded man had said, the lineage of the royal family are
stupid.
Just when this idea was emerging in Sora's mind—he realized.
"—Ah!"
Then, after figuring out the intentions of his sister's words, he could not
help but sigh.
"Whoa, so it is that kind of meaning……How scary……"
"..........Un."
Shiro was sizing up the black-haired girl while nodding at the sighing Sora.
"Really......
....
This world's cheating methods are truly
incredible. I don't even
want to meet against these kinds of
opponents...... "
".........Nii, shameful....."
Probably provoking him, Sora suddenly got serious and countered back.
"Heh, don't be silly. No matter how clever a cheat is, it depends on how you
apply it."
"……Nii, could you.....beat it?"
"—But this really is worthy of a fantasy world, eh....... There really isn't any
sense of reality here, yet we both have a comfortable and relaxed
feeling........ Is it because we've played too many games?"
Sora did not answer his little sister's question, but instead headed for the
third story of the building while rambling about non-related topics.
"...........Really, I asked........a stupid question."
Shiro suddenly apologized.
—Indeed, for 『 』, failure was almost impossible.
Then..........after making contact by the shoulders.
For some reason—Sora turned towards Steph..........whatever, the redhaired
girl.
He thought about it in his mind for a moment— before whispering softly.
".......Oh, come on...can't you see you're being cheated?"
"—Eh?"
The girl with the striking red hair and contrasting round blue eyes
suddenly glanced over.
Even as he felt the girl who was mysteriously told off stare at his moving
figure.........Sora did not utter another word and went straight towards the
door of the room.
Part 4
Along with the turn of the key in the lock, came a lack of sense of security
when the metal hinge let out a squeaking sound before the door opened.
Inside the room— it was wood that was quite similar to the kind in Skyrim ,
making the house look kind of cheap.
The room was small, and creaking could be heard with every footstep on the
floor. The table and chairs that were arranged at the corners looked very
perfunctory.
As for the other things, there was only a bed and window. The interior was
quite simple.
Walking into the room and locking the door, the both of them removed their
hoods.
Wearing a T-shirt, jeans, and sneakers with matted black hair—Sora.
A mess of long white hair that covered her red eyes, a skinny girl who wore a
sailor uniform—Shiro.
Sora removed the borrowed robes that when worn, would not look
conspicuous in a world like this, before revealing a relieved look and threw
himself on the only bed.
Taking the phone out of his pocket— he checked off the task that was
planned beforehand.
"—[Goal]: Ensure accommodation—[Achieved]— it's safe to say *that*
now, right?"
"......Un[10], I think......we can."
After the confirmation, a thousand emotional words were released from the
heart.
"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh,so tired,
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh............."
These words......
It was decided early on to never say these until the goal was reached.
Afterwards, bursting out as he could no longer contain himself, were the
complaints about the story that came out of Sora's mouth.
"There is no such thing as [definitely impossible]- I can't believe that at our
first reunion with the outside world, we had to walk that far."
Similarly, taking off the robe revealed a folded white sailor uniform.
Opening the window, she confirmed the scenery.
From the window, you could barely see it— the cliff onto which they fell.
"........Humans, as long as they have the will, then it can be done."
"Yeah, if there is no motivation then nothing will be done— These realistic
words accurately express our current situation, eh."
Although it was such a negative interpretation— Shiro still nodded in
agreement.
"But I thought that my legs had become weak from being a hikikomori for so
long, so I never expected that we would be able to walk that far."
".........Because.....we control the mice.....with both our feet?"
"Oh— I see! The so-called 'mastering one skill so much until it carries into
everything else' thing was true then!"
".........That's not..........what I originally meant......I meant........"
This comical dialogue seemed to have reached its limit.
Shiro's eyes were half closed.
The little sister, who was staggering as if she was going to faint, fell on the
bed that Sora was on.
Although it didn't show on her face, the pained breath from her fatigue
could be felt.
—This was of course, a natural reaction.
No matter how much of a genius she was, she was still an eleven year old girl.
Dueling in a chess match after 5 all-nighters was enough to shock anyone
with that kind of stamina. Even Sora also felt pain and shifted around
(although it was only halfway). For a person to also come here without
complaints was truly worthy of being marveled.
Because Sora had decided before not to utter out a single complaint.
"You worked hard. How great— indeed, you are your brother's prided little
sister."
As if combing his little sister's hair, Sora stroked her head and said that.
"........Un. Find a place to sleep.......made sure.........that was completed."
"Ahhh, and of course, I was thinking what was going to happen to us when
we were attacked by those thieves."
—With these words, Sora's mind drifted back to a few hours ago.
That is— when both of them were lost and wandering around shortly after
being dumped in this world.
Part 5
"—Then, what do we do."
"........(Shakes head)"
Waking up and regaining a conscious state for the second time.
While cursing in his heart that life was being too unreasonable, the
fatigued Sora shouted to the pedestrians passing by.
After Shiro was temporarily relieved, she let out a sigh.
Both of them felt weary, but they still recovered their composure despite
being exhausted.
Moving away from the edge of the cliff, they then slumped onto the unpaved
roadside.
".........Nii, why come.....here?"
"You see, in an RPG game this would be called a [Street] right? I remember it
was to let someone go through some sort of....."
Although they didn't know to what extent their practical knowledge
about games could help them, but this sort of things should be placed
aside first.
"—Well, first things first, let's inventory what things we currently have
on hand."
Just like any survival play-off game, Sora said it like this.
Understanding the point, both of them started taking everything out of
their pockets.
What were taken out—
Were Sora and Shiro's respective smart phones, two of them.
Handheld game consoles, two of them.
Two multipurpose batteries. Two solar power chargers, with multiple
charging outlets.
And the last thing was a tablet PC in Shiro's hand.
.....No matter how you looked at it, it was hard to imagine lost victims with
such expensive equipment.
And— they were all used to play games.
Because no matter where they were, be it on the toilet or in the bathroom—
or even during a power outage, they could always play games, so these were
items that could not leave their persons.
——Actually, nobody knew whether or not these items could be useful in an
actual difficult crisis, they were mysterious and yet substantial pieces of
equipment.
"..........Sure enough, electrical waves and the like cannot be received in the
fantasy world."
Sora said, while looking at the display screen on his phone that told him he
was out of range.
—But, the backlight of the phone could be used as a flashlight at night, and it
could also take photos.
The map function—was of course ineffective, but it could still be used as a
compass.
Sora gave a heartfelt thanks to the recent high level performance
developments for smartphones.
"...........Okay, Shiro, turn off the phone and tablet PC. Take advantage of the
sun being up and charge the photo voltaic power generator. I downloaded an
e-book about games onto that tablet and in the worst case scenario, we will
just use the survival guide."
"........Roger—"
Shiro obediently listened to her brother's words and turned off the
equipment while using the solar charger to charge it up.
—When encountering unexpected circumstances, listening to her
brother's instructions was the best. Shiro knew this due to her own
experience.
.........After that, using the power of science (Sora's phone), a direction to
head off was determined.
However, using the phone which only had a compass, their current status
was like being thrown into the sea without any nautical charts, so there
weren't any changes in the situation.
They were obviously holding the product of the most advanced scientific
technology, yet they still got lost in the way of life and fell onto the wayside.
"—Oh?"
Sora spotted a few people approaching from a side-street(or a Street),
pacing towards them.
"OHHH! How fantastic, my experience in RPGs really worked!"
".........Nii......they look......weird."
Finishing this sentence, the group suddenly picked up the pace and enclosed
them in a circle.
Dressed in green and easy to walk in boots—
"..........Wowhoa, aren't they thieves!"
Sora could not help but complain to the heavens.
Getting lost on the road and their first encounter was actually with
[fantasy world thieves!]
Facing against this ferocious bunch, in full accordance with a typical bad guy
group— Sora shielded Shiro with his body while really thinking of cursing
the heavens.
—But what came out of the thieves' mouths was.
"Hehe....if ya wanna get past— ya gotta play a game with us."
.............
This one sentence made the two siblings look at each other helplessly— but.
"—This, eh...that brat did say that this was [A world where everything is
decided by games]."
"...........Is that......how thieves here........are?"
The two people who quickly accepted that fact compared the thieves from
here with the ones from their own world.
They couldn't resist but smile after the comparison. This could even be
described as a cute scene compared to an encounter with a real thief, thus
forcing both of them to break out in laughter.
"What are you guys laughing about! If you don't have a game with us, don't
even think about getting past here."
Facing against two people who were laughing for no reason were the thieves.
The siblings then communicated with each other using a quiet voice that
the thieves couldn't eavesdrop on.
"One person deceives the others, then use cheats to cut off their escape route
— what do you feel?"
"............Is......good."
Finishing the conversation, Sora clapped his hands with a 'Pa!'
"OK, fine, let's have a showdown. But unfortunately for us, we are currently
penniless."
"Heh, no matter, then—"
But regardless of what the thieves said, Sora continued.
"If we lose then we are at your disposal, regardless of where we are sold to
or what is done to us."
"—Ah?"
The cheeky thief who was about to say out a proposal, was abruptly
interrupted, before getting surprised himself,
"In contrast, if we win—"
With a chilling smile on his face— the brother said.
"You will take us to the nearest street ♪, and give us the robes those two are
wearing. Because we are still wearing conspicuous clothing due to the
transfer of worlds, this is a must. And also about the game rules of this world,
truthfully tell them all to me☆"
Sora exerted his highly adaptable game brain.
He was already convinced that he would win and had even added some
additional requests.
Part 6
Thinking about back then, Sora whispered.
"[Ten Oaths]——eh. Shiro, do you remember?"
"....... Un. Very.......... interesting rules." Shiro, looking dazed and about to fall
asleep, replied.
They had learned about the rules of this world from the thieves (they were
no longer recognizable now) that had lost the game.
Taking out his phone on which he had written the rules, Sora reread them
out loud again.
【Ten Oaths】——
It appears that these were the absolute rules that [God] had laid down.
Although the little sister seemed to have easily memorized it, the brother
had still recorded them in his phone, which were as follows:
【1】 All bloodshed, war, and pillage is forbidden throughout the world.
【2】 All disputes are to be resolved through the outcome of games.
【3】 In games, wagers will be made on what both parties decide to be of
equal value.
【4】 Unless contrary to "Three", the game content and the things wagered
do
not matter.
【5】 The challenged party has the right to decide the contents of the game.
【6】 "As per the Oath", the wager will be unconditionally adhered to.
【7】 All matters for group conflicts will be decided by a representative.
【8】 If cheating is detected during a game, it will be regarded as a defeat.
【9】 The above rules are unconditionally everlasting, upheld in the name
of God.
"And 【Ten】—— Everyone should get along while playing games."
—…….
"Nine is used to wrap up everything from above it, but Ten......."
That is, it was not a mandatory requirement to get along with the opponent,
so to speak.
Or said in another way, 'Anyhow, it's not as if you guys are living in harmony
anyways'.
Feeling the irony of the 【Ten Oaths】, the mirthful face of that [God]
surfaced in Sora's mind.
"That kid that dragged us here into this world— if that person really is [God],
then he really does have good character.
Pocketing his phone, Sora said with a wry smile.
Just when the thought of lying on the bed came.
His fatigue suddenly welled up, and his consciousness began to blur, even
his thinking skills began to wear down.
"........ If I think about it, of course it is a natural reaction. Pulling all-nighters
for five days and then the sudden onset of this event...... "
".......... Fuu....... "
Always thinking about being beside her brother, while clutching onto
Sora's wrist, was the little sister who had reached dreamland.
Sweeping away the bangs that were on her face revealed white skin that was
like ceramic and a beautiful face that was like a work of art.
Compared with the girl that had a doll-like refined appearance, saying that
the both of them were siblings could be perceived as a start of a bad joke.
"—Didn't I always say to at least cover yourself with a blanket......you will
catch a cold."
".........Un."
Complying with her brother's words, the little sister used a feeble voice to
request him to help her cover herself.
Although Sora covered his little sister with the blanket that smelled like
dust with a bit of hesitation, he still thought it was better than nothing.
Watching his Shiro's sleeping face and steady breathing, Sora suddenly
became lost in thought.
(—Then, from now on, where should I start.....)
Sora started fiddling with the phone which he had just taken out.
He wanted to try and see if there was any software that could help his
predicament.
(—This is a fantasy about being pulled into a different world, so first I should
think about and look to see if there is a method to go back......)
—Parents who were no longer in this world.
—A sister who was not accepted by society.
—Himself who did not accept society.
—Besides, the surprise that lies beyond the screen— this world.
"........Hey, Shiro...the protagonists of alternate world stuff...why did they
want to return back to 'that' kind of world?"
Even though he knew that she had fallen asleep, Sora still tried to raise this
question, but he did not receive an answer.
He thought about what he was going to do after the four days.
Sora was going to try and improvise— but before the conclusion of his
contemplations, the demon of sleep had already cut off his thoughts.
Part 7
—'Tok Tok!', this kind of sound rang in the air.
The reason why he would wake up only due to polite knocking—
Was because his senses had been sharpened due to coming to an unknown
place.
Sora loudly commanded the urges that wanted him to go back to sleep to
shut up, then quickly let his brain become active again.
".....Nyaaa~."
—But his little sister was different from him.
There was drool dribbling down her face and she was tightly grabbing onto
her brother's left arm while sleeping.
With a face that was more comforting than anything else, it would have made
anyone jealous of the one who got to see that dreaming expression.

"Yeah, thinking about it, in this world, killing, looting, and other things are
prohibited......."
Which means— things such as being vigilant, are not necessary in this world.
Probably understanding this point— no, she certainly understood.
Sora, who looked like he had adapted to this world, gave a wry smile to his
little sister who was in a deep sleep and showed that comfortable
expression.
"Indeed, the degree of flexibility in my mind can't match up to hers......"
—'Tok Tok!'
Hearing the gentle knocking sound again, Sora replied.
"Ah- coming, coming. Who is it?"
"I am Stephanie Dora. I have something I would like to ask you regarding the
thing about
today..... "
........Stephanie...
....
Ah
!
Taking out his phone, Sora confirmed the photos that were taken before.
What was shown on the photo was someone with red hair and blue eyes,
similar to a noble girl.
Yes, the pub downstairs— was also a venue for games to elect a new king.
"Ah, coming, I am opening the door."
".......Miwuuuuu...."
"—My little sister, it is a brother's blessing for you to stick to me like that,
but could you let go of my arm for a while? Otherwise I can't open the door."
".......?.......What?"
Although Shiro was in a half-asleep state, she still let go of Sora's arm.
Dragging his heavy body off of the bed, Sora stepped onto the wooden floors
that creaked and proceeded to open the door.
Appearing at the door was an appearance that was a far cry from the photo
on the phone— A [Stephanie] that looked like she had suffered a huge blow.
"—Can you let me in?"
"Ah. Ermm, okay."
In short, Stephanie was then invited into the room.
Sora then retrieved the chair from the corner of the room.
He then sat on the chair because his little sister who was sleeping drowsily
on the bed kept shifting positions.
The first to open her mouth was Stephanie.
"..........What exactly happened?"
"—What? Ah, let me start first, because we are siblings, this is not what—"
"....Guu......dumped, by Nii......"
—Correction.
Apparently not half asleep— but Shiro who was 80% in sleep mode applied
more pressure onto Sora's back.
Although they did not know what the common sense was like here, a
tentative explanation was still needed.
"Then— is it wrong? I'm Sora. The years I've been without a girlfriend
equals my age, and I'm currently seeking a girlfriend right now, whoa♪"
".............That doesn't really matter at all."
But Stephanie completely ignored the meaning of this sentence and feebly
continued.
"More importantly, I want to ask about something that happened during
the day."
(Day— day. Un, what was that again?)
(Speaking of which, what's the time now? I can't even see the sun coming
through the windows—)
Taking a glance at the phone, he saw that 4 hours had passed since the start
of the rest— They had probably been sleeping for this long.
"Today, right when you had brushed past my shoulders, you said to me
something like 'Can't you see you are being cheated?'."
Just when Shiro was grumbling vague nonsense, probably something
about the current conversation, she closed her eyes and spoke.
".......So you.......really lost?"
Stephanie seemed to be agitated by Shiro's attitude.
"—Yes.........yes, that's right, I LOST! Now, just about everything is over!"
Sora covered his ears to muffle the shouting coming from Stephanie, who
had abruptly stood up.
"Ah— because of my lack of sleep, the sound will echo back and forth in my
head, so please refrain from shouting so loudly........."
Towards Stephanie who threw a heated temper tantrum that included
banging the table with her purse, Sora made only a small and humble 
request, but evidently it didn't pass her ears, and she started crying with an
even sharper voice.
"Since you knew that the opponent was cheating, wouldn't it have been good
for me if you had explained the cheat to everyone?! I could have won if you
had exposed the truth!"
Sora then remembered what he had read before going to sleep, and said.
"Eh........ number eight of the [Ten Oaths]: if cheating is detected during a
game, it will be regarded as a defeat..."
Which is to say, you win if you clearly know that you are being cheated.
But she failed to realize— if it cannot be proved, the person cheating
wouldn't be defeated.
"I lost, thanks to you! Arghhh, now I am even eliminated from the
competition for the throne!"
"......So..........."
The drowsy Shiro spoke with a lisp.
".......So you lost.........and were in denial.............so you came here.........to
vent?"
Hearing Shiro's blunt and unabashed opinion, the blood pressure that
spiked as a result forced Stephanie to grind her teeth.
"Ah~my little sister, can we not pour oil on the fire while pretending to
be asleep?"
"........... Guu........ why did.......... you reveal that?"
"You woke up after I said [Looking for girlfriend]............ furthermore, we
don't really have any companions here, sooo, we really should be more
friendly—"
—But.
Sora suddenly stopped speaking.
An idea— surfaced in his mind.
Probably seeing the idea forming in her brother's mind, Shiro became silent.
On the other hand, Sora, who seemed like he had changed his mind, said with
a sardonic smile.
"—But, what my little sister said was also true. Humans who always fail are
taken for granted."
"........What did you say?"
The shocked Stephanie's mouth gaped.
But Sora disregarded her shock, and deliberately using vulgar eyes, looked
up and down Stephanie's body.
Just like a fantasy world Ojou-sama, she wore a fluttering dress that had lace
everywhere.
Sora's eyes seemed to be licking her body, observing her voluminous figure
that couldn't be hidden even if she wore a dress.
Carefully selecting words that would set off the opponent— Sora said.
"Not even being able to see through cheating of that degree, and then
suddenly running here to have a tantrum..........you're even getting angry at a
child hitting the nail— you really are a simpleton. And if you are really the
lineage of that foolish old king, then I suppose failing would be something
natural for you."
Part 8
Sora said this with eyes that were filled with a pity reserved for
extremely unintelligent organisms.
Widening her eyes, trembling while directing a burning death glare
towards Sora, another furious expression emerged on Stephanie's face.
"Please........take that back."
"Take it back? Haha, why?"
"Be that as it may— I definitely won't allow you to ridicule my dear Ojii-san!"
Facing against Stephanie's solemn protesting, Sora only scoffed and waved
his hands.
"The reason why you didn't notice that cheat was because you were too
defensive— rather than taking risks, you tried to choose a safer way to win.
These kind of people concentrate too much on securing themselves that they
don't even have the spare capacity to pay attention to the opponent's
actions."
He gave a sarcastic smile while tossing out these cheeky words.
"A simpleton with a low boiling point that can't even control your own
emotions because you're so conservative. IMHO[11], that is simply out of the
question for a gamer!"
"—Be quiet, if I wanted your opinion, then—"
Preventing his escape from the chair, Stephanie was in a posture like she was
ready to grab hold of Sora, but Sora still continued to speak.
"Then, let's play a game."
"......Eh? What?"
Stephanie was suddenly confused. But she remained vigilant and
questioned Sora about what he had just said.
"Nothing, it doesn't really require any complex thinking. It's just rock,
paper, scissors. Heard of it? Rock, paper, scissors."
"Rock, paper, scissors—? That.....un, I know."
"Un, this world is indeed a great help. Then we will use that to determine
the winner, just that—"
Saying that, Sora put up his fingers.
As if saying it carefully for Stephanie to hear, Sora slowly continued.
"Not ordinary janken— do you understand? I will only use paper."
"—Ah?"
"If I were to throw anything other than paper, then I would [Lose]........but, if I
beat you with something other than paper, you will also lose, leading to a
[Draw]. Of course, if I throw out anything other than paper and I draw, then I
will still [Lose]."
"—"
(Losing if it isn't paper? What does this guy think he's saying?)
Stephanie became more alert.
"—The wager, what will it be?"
It was such a big help of you to be so sensible— Sora thought about saying
this, then smiled and replied.
"If you win, I will accept all of your requests. Whether you want me to tell
you the reason you lost, or the truth behind that cheat, or even if you want 
me to die in repayment for calling your foolish king a foolish king, it doesn't
matter."
"......Youuuuu!"
"—So! Conversely, if I win, you must accept all of my demands."
Sora looked happy, but he had on an expression that was colder than ice,
with a creepy smile that had emerged.
Using a tone that was dirty, ugly, and cold, Sora continued speaking.
"We are betting our fates here— so it's not a problem for you to wager your
chastity, right?"
All of the hot blood gushing into Stephanie's head was calmed down due to
this coldness.
But, because Stephanie's mind had calmed down, she prudently questioned.
"What if— we draw?"
"Then I will give you a little hint on how you were cheated......as
consideration."
Sora's attitude suddenly changed, and as if troubled, scratched his head and
said with a smile.
"I can make do with a trivial wish. Although what we have on hand seems
like it'll last us a few days— I'll be straightforward, after four days of staying
here, we'll have no food or place to stay. And in the long run, we are still
worrying about what to do next......."
"—Which means, you want me to provide you with accommodations."
Towards Stephanie's reply, Sora only returned a smile..
—Nothing was said.
Which means that this man was temporarily trying to scrounge a little bit.
"So, how do you feel~? Accept, or deny?"
"........"
"Well, even if you learn how the opponent cheated, you are already
disqualified from the throne selection. Not to mention that there is no
benefit to taking an unnecessary risk if you are someone who loves a
defensive war! So even if you refuse it's nothing."
Sora brazenly provoked her.
Despite it being such a blatant provocation— Stephanie still accepted it
without flinching.
".......Okay, let's do this then— 【Acciente】!!!"
—That was an oath to make sure the game followed the [Ten Oaths].
A word that declares full intention to God to perform a wager in absolute
compliance to the [Ten Oaths]— swearing to God, the absolute requirement
when gambling.
"OK, then I shall also- 【Acciente】."
Sora gave a leering smile— that vow from his mouth was both unpredictable
and askew.
In Stephanie's mind, she began thinking intensely.
(—Only throw out paper?)
(Unless he thinks that I would cheerfully throw out scissors.)
(Looking at the conditions he suggested— his intentions are obvious.)
(The goal of that man— is to reach a tie.)
(This man is only trying to get food and accommodation— he doesn't really
understand the cheat.)
(This should not be the truth now.)
(If he would lose if he doesn't use paper, then my chances of winning are—)
Rock: 2 wins, 1 loss. Scissors: 2 wins, 1 draw. Paper: 1 win, 2 draws.
(He announced that he wouldn't choose anything other than paper.)
(If I innocently sent out scissors, he would choose rock.)
(He plans on mocking me by saying "Haha, just as I expected~ It was hard
on you, you single-celled idiot".)
(But if that was so, if I used paper— it would be impossible for me to lose.)
(But it would still fulfill his goals if the result was a draw.)
(—This man, definitely thinks that I won't use rock—.)
(Because, that's the only choice that I have with a possibility of losing!)
(—Treating me like an idiot!)
(Both rock and scissors are good, my chances of winning are [2:1])
(Thinking as you wish— I will not let you get away with a draw!)
Trying to penetrate through Sora, Stephanie stared at him with sharp eyes.
"——"
—However, Stephanie, who looked at Sora's expression, could not help but
take a deep breath.
Because there was a skinny man that was troublesome— or not.
Calmly, the man that was confident that he would win revealed a faint smile.
Seeing Sora's expression— blood rushed into Stephanie's head once again, as
if a bucket of cold water had been poured on her.
(—No, don't be impetuous, keep calm.)
Finishing those words in her head, Stephanie started brainstorming again.
Rashness, emotions and simplicity- what if he sees through all of these?
Stephanie said to herself and noticed something.
—Right.
This, of course, was an obvious matter.
(This guy—this man—declared that paper was the only exception!)
(In addition, no matter what other method he uses, he can not [Win].)
(So— no matter what I choose, this man only announced that he would
choose [Paper].......)
(Victory would come to him if he happens to get a lucky draw and a tie
would be expected— that's right!)
(The possibility of losing— is the same no matter what!)
"Then, should we start?"
Sora asked with the air of winner— but.
"Yeah, you too. Are you prepared to comply to the Oaths?"
Likewise, Stephanie who believed that she would win, replied.
(I have already seen through your tricks— go on and put on the expression
of a lost dog[12]!)
"Then let's begin. Ready- rock, paper...—"
—Rock.
Stephanie had used [Scissors].
"What—"
—Widening her eyes because Sora had chosen [Rock].
"Whu, What— Wh, Why.......like this....."
"Although it is laudable that you honestly came out with rock and did not
give into the provocation— in the end you are still too inexperienced."
Saying that— the ruthless edge and thin smile disappeared from Sora's face.
Sora sat on the bed again, and lightly talked through the inner thought
processes of Stephanie to her.
"My provocation was to make rock appear to you as the only way you could
lose."
"........"
"—But my calm expression drove in an understanding that only by using
paper would I [Win]."
"—Wha......I was being read— So that expression.......was all an act!?"
"So far so good......But choosing [Paper] would have made me lose........this
way, not only would you defeat my only chance of winning, you could also
double your possibility of winning against me."
—Everything was seen through- no, everything was manipulated by him.
"Guuu—"
Stephanie bit her lips and knelt down with her hands supporting her body.
The calming down process.....not only that, but even the winning idea that
Stephanie had thought out was also predicted.
—Finally, this.
The reason why Stephanie lost during the day- this was the hint.
However, Sora continued.
"So, yeah, it was already decided that I would win from the outset of this
game."
"I know. You were aiming for a draw, right? Okay, what accommodations —
"
Stephanie who had lost casually replied- but.
"Well, about that right there. You're wrong, you know?"
".......Ah?"
"Try re~ally hard to recall it, okay? How did I say it?"
"I can make do with a trivial wish. Although what we have on hand seems
like it'll last us a few days— I'll be straightforward, after four days of staying
here, we'll have no food or place to stay. And in the long run, we are still
worrying about what to do next......."
"Right, there's a problem here! When...did I ever say what the specific
contents of my [Trivial wish] were?"
"...................Ah!?"
Stephanie hurriedly got up and protested.
"Eh, because, didn't you already affirm that you only required
accommodation!?"
"Un, but I didn't confirm it~"
Stephanie tried to recall what had happened like a video playback with
sound, fully utilizing her mind.
With no place to stay, no food, how did he conceal the next words.
Sora—this man—had only....
Smiled.
—So the reason for his wishful thinking was to scrounge for more—
"Ah—ah—"
"Looks like you understand! Then please listen carefully to my [Trivial
wish]♪"
With Sora wearing a smile, 'Sha'— he suddenly pointed his finger towards
Stephanie.
"Fall in love with me!"
Part 9
………………—
.......A long silence.
The first to break the awkwardness, the one who was always silent, was
Shiro who watched innocently from the sidelines.
".......Erm, Nii?"
"Hehehe, what is it, my little sister. Was my plan so perfect that it moved you
to speechlessness?"
Although he could not understand his little sister's intentions, Sora was
already intoxicated with his perfect command.
【6】 "As per the Oath", the wager will be unconditionally adhered to.
Also considering the case of the ninth Oath— because of God's power, the
order couldn't be stopped by anything.
Well, of course, that also includes the individual's free will!
But—
"........That.........is..........what is going on..........?"
Facing against his little sister who was simply clueless, Sora also made an
expression as if he did not understand anything.
"Oya, it really is surprising that you don't understand, my little sister. Isn't
there a saying that 'love is blind'? If it is in absolute compliance with the
Oaths, then of course she would have to completely [Dedicate herself] to me,
right? Accommodation, money, even talent can be gained...isn't this killing
three birds with one stone♪"
Sora said it like this, wondering why she couldn't understand even though
she had such a good mind.
Shiro muttered softly.
"....... "Become my property"....... wouldn't that........ do?"
"———Nn?"
"......... For that........ you......... get everything."
"—Eh, ah.....ehhhh?"
Sora was confused for an instant. After that he started accelerating his
thinking process.
If it was just as his little sister had said, the command of [Become my
property]...
Everything that belongs to a property naturally belongs to its master—
"Ah, eh? Wouldn't that kind of way be much more favorable.......huh?"
(Why didn't I think of that——?)
Shouldn't he have said that.
Planning policies had always been thought out by himself since the
beginning, so why would Sora, who claimed that he had the performance
and strength, do that—
"............... Nii...... your own wish.......... was mixed inside?"
"——Ahhhh....... "
Shiro— gazed coldly at him with half-closed eyes, and not because she was
still drowsy.
"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Sora cried and hugged his head.
"I, I actually.........turned out to be like this!? Was it about that- if I missed this
chance, I'll never get a girlfriend?! Did the superficial sense of inferiority of
not having a girlfriend cloud my judgement at the last minute!? No,
im...impossible......how could I, I make such a silly mistake—"
Impossible.
For one of the wings of 『 』 to commit such a mistake— Sora felt dizzy.
As if she was unhappy with something, Shiro continued to say with her cold
voice.
"......Nii......... you said you had...... no need for a girlfriend
.................t
hat as
long as Shiro was here....... that would be good enough............ "
"That was me saying too much! Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! I am so
sorry, ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
With his little sister pouting on the bed, Sora knelt in front of her as if in a
devout kind of worship and apologized.
"Af, after all I am unable to do those kind of things to my little sister! You are
only 11 years old! If I did it, I would be taken away by the cops! And with
your brother of age, this sort of desire is natural—"
Sora who was chattering all kinds of excuses. And Shiro who was staring
with cold eyes.
Furthermore,
"—"
After being requested to fall in love, Stephanie was thrown aside and had
her head lowered while trembling.
Yes. Just as Sora had thought, there could be absolutely no refusal to the
Oaths. Which was this world's absolute law.
But— her cheeks were burning, and the rapid beating of her heart could
not be stopped.
Because Sora had ignored her to talk to his little sister, Stephanie felt
worried.
—Even if this was the law of this world.
No.
Because of this man.
Because of this guy.
—She actually— "felt jealous"—!
"How can I acknowledge thiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiis!"
"Whoa, that scared me!"
With the force built up from her anger, Stephanie finally shrieked out.
Intending to resist the implanted feelings, she glared at Sora— but.
"—Wh, whoaa!"
When their eyes met, her heartbeat suddenly quickened and her face
became hotter.
"Wh, wha, what what what kind of [Trivial wish] was that! You, you dare toy
with a maiden's heart!?"
To try and avoid this effect, Stephanie changed her line of sight and shouted.
Despite standing up aggressively, she still lacked a bit of momentum.
"Ah, that........about that......."
Sora scratched his cheeks, and shifted away his eyes with an embarrassed
look on his face.
He had originally wanted a development to happen, but due to his huge
mistake, some of his goals were not achieved and Sora could not help but be
worried.
"That, about that, Shiro? What do I do?"
"........I.....don't know....."
"Guuuuuu......"
Losing face and seeking help from his little sister, only to be coldly cast aside
—
"What a pain— *cough*!"
No matter. Sora, who had finally made up his mind, coughed.
He decided to treat the mistake as if it did not even happen.
Sora, feeling good again, could not help but giggle.
"The definition of trivial depends on the person. You only wanted one bite of
the dessert, but that one bite was the whole thing[13]..."
Probably back to his normal state, Sora fluently said this.
"Isn't, isn't that a fraud!"
But, Stephanie didn't accept his form of interpretation and strongly rebutted.
—The voice of Sora that flowed into her ears made her feel embarrassed.
Even though she really hoped that he would close his mouth, the problem
was
that she actually wanted to listen to his voice.
Using a [Request for an explanation] as an excuse to try and do this, she
repressed the entanglement in her heart and retorted.
With absolutely no idea of how to deal with the kind of feelings entangling in
Stephanie's heart(nor any reason to), Sora (eighteen years old, virgin)
calmed down.
And as if pointing out a childish mistake, he pointed to Stephanie.
"Yup, right there. You were paying attention to the content of the game, yet
you ignored the [Premise] of it. That won't do, without any specific nature of
this statement........for example, even if an alarmist emphasizes on hearing the
winning conditions, sometimes their focus will deliberately get fuzzed up,
get it~"
—After all, the purpose of this game was to have a draw.
That was what Stephanie had thought so far.
But that was still not enough, there were still parts that weren't thought of.
Whether he won or drew— Stephanie's risks were the same.
This was the true point of the game— which is to say—
"You, you— swindler!"
Yes, the so-called [Fraud].
There was indeed a reason for why Stephanie had shouted— however.
"Oioi, saying that is too over the top~ obviously it was the fault of the one
being cheated~"
"Th, these are the lines of a swindler!"
Facing against Stephanie, whose protests were never ending, the clamor
finally drove Shiro to speak.
"........ Of the [Ten Oaths].....Three...... In games....... wagers will be made on
what both parties decide to be of equal value."
Because Shiro finally changed back, Sora ecstatically continued.
"Yes! The main point is 'to be of equal value'. After that, four: unless contrary
to "Three", the game content and the things wagered do not matter— which
is to say?"
Moving her fingers around, Shiro answered.
".......Life.......and human rights........can be wagered......."
"Yes, exactly♪ Which means that when the bet was decided, the game had
already begun."
As if explaining to Stephanie, only the conversation between the siblings
could be heard.
Shiro then said.
"..........But........it wasn't necessary..........to even wager feelings."
"That's not it! This was to confirm if even free will and resistance could be
dominated over—"
".......Nii."
"Sorry."
It appeared that the effect of 'treating the mistake like it never happened'
did not work on his little sister.
"But, but—! Using this kind of fraud—!"
With fraud, forcing her first love to be—
Stephanie, who rebutted in tears, originally wanted to raise cruel
accusations.
But-
"........ Sixth of the [Ten Oaths]....... the wager......... will be unconditionally
adhered to....... "
The eleven-year old girl— with eyes filled with compassion and calmness,
issued the final blow.
"........... Easily forgetting the weight of the premise......... falling to the
provocation...... that was all you."
—Yes, the Ten Oaths had to be followed.
【5】 The challenged party has the right to decide the contents of the game.
Stephanie had the right to refuse the game, and also the right to change its
content.
The one who wasted those rights, submissively offered a wager, and
accepted the game was not anybody else—
"—Guuu....."
—It was Stephanie herself.
Perhaps having nothing else to say, Stephanie planted her rear end on the
ground.
In fact, the Oaths that were set up— were currently influencing Stephanie.
These Oaths were legitimately recognized by the world of this game.
No matter what Stephanie said, she had already lost, and the bet had been
established.
"Then, I guess you have accepted it, Stephanie?"
"—Guuu.......you.....!"
Rubbish! Was what she had intended to add on.
—But her feelings did not allow her to do so.
Not only that, a sweet feeling went into her heart just by being called by her
name—
"—Guu— why is this happening, agghhhhhhhhhhh!"
With a fire that couldn't be released, Stephanie got into a kneeling posture
and used her head to repeatedly bang the ground.
"Whoa— are, are you alright!?"
"How do I look alright to you!?"
Trying to ignore the pain of her slowly swelling forehead, Stephanie glared at
Sora, which made him cringe. However.
"No, not at all. B-but I did win the bet, so— can I make a request?"
Request—
Yes...after all, Sora's motive was not for her to fall in love with him, but for
the things that resulted from that.
Stephanie then remembered what he had said earlier, that love would lead to
her dedication.
However— hold on, Stephanie.
Sora's request was to 'fall in love with him'.
But not to 'follow his orders', right?
In other words, Stephanie had no obligation to accept any of his requests.
"Well......hehehe, looks like you had a miscalculation......."
Understanding this, then everything was very simple.
No matter what requests were put forward, just answer [NO!] and
everything would be settled.
Doesn't that solve everything!
"Okay. First of all, because Stephanie is too long, can I shorten it to Steph
instead?"
"Hmmm? Ah, okay, no problem at all♪— ahh!"
—Gaining a new nickname, [Steph] smiled and nodded.
The rationality and resolution to [Reject everything] two seconds ago had
completely disappeared.
The maiden who had turned simple due to love and would inevitably
blush when getting called by a nickname—
"Nu—noo, nam..name, there is nooo.....need to be worried.....about
call....calling me by a nickname......! Names don't matter! Un un, just like that,
un! Then after that I'll be fine if I just don't accept any other requests!"
But Steph who constrained herself to agree did not realize.
As long as she hurriedly escaped from this room, nothing else would happen.
Which is to say— she unconsciously had a desire to stay by Sora's side.....
"Un, well, it would be great if you could call me Sora. Steph, you are of royal
lineage, right?"
—Here it comes.
Right, if the motive was support, then he'll demand money, accommodation
and food.
He would do this in order to get those things.
However, these requests that were going to be made, did not bind Steph to
comply to his demands.
Hehe, Steph laughed in her heart.
If Sora requested, she would bluntly reply with a 'I refuse!'.
Let this swindler have a feeling of defeat— and his expression would be
worth watching at that time.
With her corresponding lines ready, Steph waited for Sora's request.
"In that case, your house must be very spacious. Can we stay with you for a
while?"
"—Ah, okay, no problem❤"
—…… ..
Eh?
"Eh, ehhhh? Why? Hmm?"
Steph fell into disarray because she did not understand what she had just
said.
However, her face had such a fiery feeling that she was going to have a
nosebleed, which then prompted Steph to think back to Sora's words.
'Can we stay with you'—
That means staying together.
Cohabitation......which means a man and a woman living together.
Being able to stay together.
Which means......along with the bed, the bathroom and the like could be
shared—
"Ah, ah, ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, not right! This is not right! It's not
that way!"
Watching Steph continuously headbutting the wooden wall with a 'Dong
Dong Dong'- Sora, who was scared pale, asked.
"Uh, umm, how do I say this... even though the situation has become very
strange........... is it okay?"
"How could this do!—
ahhh............. everything is already useless........ "
Steph faced the ceiling and gave a hollow laugh.
—Yup, Sora did commit a huge mistake.
Presenting requests without any [Contractually obligation].
But Sora's age equals how long he's been without a girlfriend.
He can't understand Steph because she is experiencing her first love.
Historically, love has been one of the reasons countries have fallen to ruin.
—This is just too contemptuous.
Part 10
"He, hehe........enough..........I give up, I don't care anymore, I will do
anything you want."
Lying on the wooden floor, the frustrated yet sobbing Steph said.
Even though she wasn't bound contractually, she had already shown no will
to refuse any orders.
Steph realized this point, and with expressionless eyes, said this while
stifling her laughter.
"—No more other requests? Oh, whatever, I don't care anymore."
—
Reaching this point, there was something missing in Steph's considerations.
Because she never expected to be asked to 'fall in love with him', just grant to
requests.
"Ah— ........um, yes....."
Sora gave a glance to Shiro.
What the meaning behind that glance was, Steph wasn't sure of.
Shiro softly nodded.
"......... Waiting.......for Shiro to be eighteen...... Nii........ is too pitiful."
"Could you please not use the word 'pity' to describe it? And also, don't you
know that even when you're eighteen, your brother still can't do anything to
his little sister?"
".....So."
Shiro squeezed her thumb in between her index and middle fingers, and
said with a deadpan expression.
".........Nii.......grats.....on your graduation from virginity."
"—Whu-"
—Yes.
Was it because the development was too good, or did it simply lack
imagination.
Requesting the body, this development was of course natural.
Steph, who had entirely abandoned her will earlier, had the flaming light
of resistance lit up in her yet again.
"Wha, whu whu, what? I, I, I didn't listen to it before! Thi, thi, for this kind of
thing, there must be a certain atmosphere, a situation where it is natural—
ah? Huh?"
However, the reason her eyes had regained their light was not due to the
fear of her losing her virginity— strange.
—She was looking forward to it. Steph, who had noticed this, once again
tried to drive her head into the wall.
Sora was completely oblivious towards Steph, who was carrying these subtle
thoughts while ramming her head, and flatly said.
"No, until Shiro is eighteen years old, all R-18 things and everything related
is banned."
"—Eh?"
Steph whispered, but it was still heard.
"........Don't mind......Shiro....."
"But I do mind a lot! I will absolutely not allow children to see pornographic
scenes!"
"........ Nii........... didn't you just tell her......... to fall for you.......... because
you're bad with rape......... and the like, right?"
"No, that...why do you understand my sexual preferences?"
"........ The game boxes............ leaving them and the games.....and everything
else around the room............... I know everything."
Steph was dumbfounded just by listening to the siblings' dialogue.
But, both parties have been ignoring this fact.
—Their arguments about M-18 related stuff stemmed from the fact that the
[Sister was accompanying them].
"—Um, wouldn't it be settled if you let your sister out of the room?"
"Hmm? Although I am quite happy that you are looking forward to it, that
can't be done due to complicated circumstances."
"—NO! Nooo, are you stupid? Are you an idiot!?"
Tossing aside the flushed Steph.
Just like a scholar who tried to find a solution to an enormous problem.
Both of them, who were brooding and folding their arms, finally seemed to
have an intelligent look on their faces.
".........Then."
Saying this, Shiro expressionlessly came up with a solution.
"......Then barely safe for work..............take action."
"Ohhh! This one! As expected of my little sister, indeed you are talented."
".......Eh?"
Hearing the words of praise coming out of Sora's mouth, Shiro revealed a
joyous expression.
Also— she didn't understand it at all.
It looked like they had found "the method to achieve the objectives" that
complied with the 'little sister accompanies', which alerted Steph.
"—But, to what kind of extent?"
".......Nii, this type of field[14]...is complacent....."
"We had encountered this "Type of field" in mangas and games, but this kind
of matter doesn't apply to me, which I will clearly state first, my little sister."
".......Because............you're a virgin.......so you don't know...........what to
do?"
Saying this accurate, yet bitter statement to Sora, Shiro raised up her smart
phone.
"........Shiro will give instructions.....while videotaping........"
"Un, instructions are fine, but why is the camera necessary, little sister?"
"........Nii.......don't you want fap material......?"
"Un, although the thoughts you have worry me...but I will gratefully accept
your thoughtfulness."
With mixed feelings, Sora turned towards Steph.
On the other hand, Steph was unaware of what the smartphone was and
froze motionlessly.
Starting the video, Shiro gave the first set of instructions.
".........Take...one.....starting from.....suddenly.........falling down?"
"Oh— so it'll be that kind of development, eh. Erm.........how do I fall in this
kind of situation—"
Sora was searching around for something that he could stumble on, when
slowly.
".........Un."
Shiro gently kicked him.
"Whoa— so that's how it is, oh— I'm gonna fall!"
Sora said, as he skillfully read Shiro's intentions.
"—Ah?"
With mediocre, or perhaps even worthless acting, Sora pushed Steph until
they hit the floor.
His hands that were pressing on Steph—
—Were in the same place as in any conventional storyline, unto Steph's
breasts.
If there was one word that Steph would use to describe the situation, to let
others understand this kind of "rotten and vulgar development"— it would
be the word "violent".
"........Take....2...........because of a force majeure[15], he groped them..."
"That......if it was accidental then it wouldn't be a force majeure......"
"......Then.......are you giving up?"
"I'll do it, director. I will work hard— sex!"

Grope grope grope. Grope grope grope.
Grope grope grope. Grope grope grope.
Shake shake shake. Shake shake shake.
Shake shake shake. Shake shake shake.
"Wah......"
His thoughts frozen, the sensation of the rather plump feeling caused Sora to
be speechless and he could only say an interjection.
On the other hand, Steph widened her eyes, but it eased down.
Because the reason why she could not catch up with the development—
Was this point, which of course was one of them.
But above all else— experiencing the feeling of being touched by his hands,
Steph did not know why she felt like she was going to melt.
"—Wuu......ah~"
The sound that leaked out from Steph's mouth was covered by her hands,
fortunately unheard by those two peoples's ears.
"—Well, well, well........3, 3D isn't all that bad after all........uh— errr,
director. This level still counts as [All ages], right?"
".....Un.....but, Nii........too much groping........"
Shiro slightly frowned, while looking at her own chest which was could be
compared to an airport runway[16]
.
"Oh— is that so. Since the groping was an accident, it would still be a bit
rotten and vulgar even if it is 3D— then, guu, what to do next? Director."
"......Take.....3, from here, nipslip."
"Is that still safe for work?"
Sora could not help but raise that question, while Shiro solemnly said.
"........If it is by J*MP standards..........then even being fully
naked........doesn't matter......"
"No no, it will be bad if it was fully naked! Is there really such a thing as a
nipple in reality?"
"......The...........video, will be cropped, and altered........"
"Director, this is live. The situation is happening now. You can't white-out or
alter that."
".........
. Then......... underclothes?"
".......
Ah, if it is to that degree— but it is difficult to undress in this
situation."
Facing Sora who appreciated the pains of making a film, Shiro said.
".........Nii, not above..............if it's, below."
"Ah, flipping the skirt will also cause light blockage! You really are capable to
a high degree, director."
Just when Sora stretched his hand to lift up Steph's skirt.
Steph, whose brain had already melted, started to reignite.
—Flip.....skirt?
Underclothes— which means that my panties will be seen by him?
—No, I will be troubled by this.
The top is fine.
No, the top is not fine.
It was not just the residual effects of Steph's rational side. But it was also her
instincts that warned her.
The bottom is not fine.
It can't be fine, unacceptable in any case. At least for now, it is unacceptable.
Well, how to say it better.
—Although it was implanted feelings.
To be pushed down by the person you liked, even groped by him.
Because when the inevitable would happen— there would be a change in the
[living status].
"—Yi— yahaaaaaaaaaa!?"
That kind of instinct compelled Steph's melted brain to suddenly move.
In an instant, Steph swiped off Sora's hand, and hit him.
"Whoaa—!"
Sora, who was in a kneeling posture in preparation to flip her skirt, lost his
balance when gently pushed.
Despite trying to avoid the fall, and being barely able to maintain his
standing posture, disaster still ensued.
In order to prevent himself from collapsing, Sora pulled away the distance
and took a few steps back.
—That is when Sora retreated to the door. And after being pushed gently by
Steph, he hit a bump on the wall, then.
—A 'dong' came as a response.
"Ouch!"
Sora with his head aching cried out.
—But it wasn't over yet.
—Alas, what a cheap hotel.
The impact of Sora against the cheap door burst open the hinges, and just
like
that, he fell into the corridor.
"..........Nii."
"Eh—eh, wait—"
As if trying to drown out the worried voices of the two people.
'Kaching'——.......the sound of the cheap metal hinges.
—Then a thud.
Because of the reaction of violently opening the door, it quietly swung back
and— closed up.
Part 11
—……
Momentarily, Steph was clueless of what was happening and stood there
motionless.
But because of the fact that Sora had flown into the corridor after being hit
by
her...
"—Ah! Sora?"
For the first time, Steph called out the name of that [Man], while standing up
in a panic.
—She had the feeling of her heart being grabbed, while oozing out
uneasiness.
She concluded that due to her actions, she may have caused injury to others
and had a feeling of pure worry.
Not to mention that she may be hated. This kind of anxiety— she decidedly
wouldn't accept it.
Saying this to herself, Steph panicked and rushed out to open the door to the
corridor.
Outside the door, in a corner of the corridor, Sora was trembling while
hugging his head.
"How did—!"
Steph clearly remembered that she didn't use nearly enough strength to
push Sora here.
But the truth was that Sora was indeed in the corner.
"So, Sora!? Are you alright?!"
He was hugging his head to his knees.
It couldn't be due to the head colliding with the door right?—Steph started to
look pale, but—
"Sorry sorry sorry I apologize I apologize so please forgive me!"
—It looked like it was not due to the impact.
Sora only curled up on the ground and continuously offered an apology.
"—Eh?"
"Sorry sorry I thought I would never have another chance to touch breasts
and I'm a guy after all and I wanted at least one girlfriend I was distracting
myself no I know please don't glare at me like that yes I'm scum yes I'm a
pervert I know sorry sorry sorry!"
—It was clearly that arrogant Sora who had committed that degree of fraud
and sexual harassment.
But now he was trembling just like a new-born lamb, constantly apologizing.
".......What, what is going on?"
Steph did not understand this situation at all.
Therefore she looked to the sister—Shiro-to ask for an answer, and went into
the room.
"......... Nii...Nii......... where....... don't....... leave Shiro........... alone........ "
—Sitting on the bed, in the exact state as her brother.
Large round teardrops constantly rolled and curled into drops, and in
addition, kept tumbling down Shiro's trembling yet deadpan expression.
"—Wha, what is going on with them? These siblings."
Forgetting about the groping of her chest, Steph stood there in a daze.
—……
Yes, this is 『 』— Sora and Shiro.
The two-in-one gamer.
This is above being strong or weak in all genres.
But once the two of them are separated— which is to say.
When alone, one becomes an anthrophobic person who can't even
communicate properly with others—
When alone, one becomes an incurable social outcast.
"....Nii.....Nii, where are you....."
"Sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry!"
Everyone should understand by now.
One is a NEET.
One is a hikikomori.
These siblings with an age gap of seven years could be together only in one
place, their [home]—
This— this is the truth behind the [Urban Legend] of 『 』.
Chapter 2 - Challenger/Challenger
Part 1
Kingdom of Elchea, Capital of Elchea— Western Region, District 3.
After threatening the boss to stay in the Inn, the siblings didn't even last
one night before wordlessly checking out.
However, the second morning had already arrived for the siblings who were
currently lodging in Stephanie Dora's home.
No, to be exact— on the second morning, the siblings had arrived in the
bathroom of her house.
".......Nii.......I hope.....you can explain."
The naked Shiro asked while being shampooed.
"Explain? If it is about the cleaning scene, then there won't be any sort of
development if it isn't a bathing scene, should I explain more?"
"........ Nii........... bathing scene....... otherwise.......... grade
schoolers............. are, perfect NG's[17]
...... "
"Don't worry little sister, the infamous [Mist block] will play a role, and make
the scene [Pure]."
Sora gazed at the unnaturally thick mist in the bathroom and said this.
"Could it be, because of this reason, you actually 'boiled up the entire bath'?"
Steph responded with a dumbfounded expression while washing Shiro's hair.
"Exactly this reason. This is an important place after all."
"Did you know, because of this, the servants had to needlessly burn that
much firewood?"
And after boiling the bath, it was common sense to not soak into it.
Senselessly wasting all that water to create a mist effect.........
"If you want to say it like that, then what about a particular person who
gets to enjoy such a large bath and still has the audacity to accuse someone
of being wasteful."
"—Guuu...."
(As expected of the lineage of royalty.)
Steph was actually much wealthier than what Sora had imagined.
The house was built with Roman-styled infrastructures, so it would not be
inappropriate to call it a [Castle], much to the chagrin of the siblings who
only knew Japan. Furthermore, the personal bath that Steph had was
spacious enough to fit ten people inside.
The baths, which were also Roman-styled, were currently boiled up to make
the scene [For all ages].
With this level of luxury displayed, people really couldn't help but wonder
if this was really a house from a race that was on the verge of destruction.
"And also, I'm sorry. Because my sister hates to take baths— She also
stubbornly believes that [This includes even if an eleven-year old girl is in an
eighteen-year old's ero book] so she wouldn't let me help her wash, which
explains why she rarely takes a bath. But yesterday she said that if it was in a
clean scene then it was okay, so I thought there was no reason not to take
advantage of that."
"........Guuuu......Nii, hate."
But the bottom line, this rule should be the most applicable to Steph.
Shiro lamented, implying that she was protesting.
"Little sister, if you take care of yourself then you will become super
beautiful, so be a good girl and take a bath."
"......It's fine.....if I'm not a beauty."
"Your brother loves a beautiful Shiro."
"........Guuuuuuuuuuu........"
Muttered Shiro in a low voice. She found it hard to complain more after
hearing Sora say that.
But it will be fine either way.
No, they had attracted unpleasant emotions due to their intimate
relationship as siblings, but this fact was ignored.
Compared to that, there was something even more concerning that was at
hand.
(This situation. Why did it happen in the first place?)
(Why am I washing a fully naked Shiro's hair, while Sora is wearing clothes
and standing on the opposite side?)
"—Sora.......why, do I have to wash Shiro's hair?"
—No, it shouldn't be this thorough.
These queries were raised after suffering from a deep remorse on why she
did not reject him before.
"Did you listen to what I said? It's because if you don't do it, Shiro will refuse
to take a bath."
"Do- does it even matter to me?!?"
"Un, you want to let me see?"
"He—hell no! I am just asking if you are intentionally creating more
trouble for me!"
"Rest assured, Steph. I will use my [Additional measures] to appreciate and
feel your naked body later."
"—Wuh!"
Being told off like this, Steph blushed and covered her body.
But on the other hand, hearing the indication that Sora might have interest
in her allowed her a sense of "peace of mind".
Thinking that Sora was looking for a hole in the wall in which he could peek
through, Steph surveyed the room.
"But now, even if included — You can't blindly trust this [Mist block]."
"...........Huh?"
"Just like after my bath, my "little brother" would rise up, or the mist block
is too insufficient to block off my little sister, then that wouldn't be M18[18]
,
but issued ban." [19]
"—Th-this, ah.."
Steph didn't understand what Sora had just said.
But most importantly, Sora had no reason to peek over.
However, this was the limit of understanding that Steph has, which couldn't
be helped.
What was set in the bathroom were two mobile phones and laptops.
And Steph didn't know that the two tiny holes were cameras.
— After the bath, Shiro would confirm the screen, if there weren't any
problems, they would start watching.
So in Sora's heart, he swore to repress the impulse of wanting to go back to
that world.
Part 2
"Fuu......how comfortable......"
".....Muwuuu........hair slippery........very ticklish...."
While waiting for Shiro to finish, Sora hurriedly took a shower himself.
The seemingly refreshed Sora was in total contrast with Shiro's unhappy
look.
—It appeared that, it was exactly what Sora had mentioned earlier, after
Shiro's white hair was being combed.
Her gently wavy hair, which was as white as snow, was drawn down.
Accompanied by that porcelain-like white skin and coupled with her red
eyes...she was just like a doll produced by a professional craftsmen.
"It would be fine if you'd remain in this state forever. Really, it's such a
waste."
"....Anyways, apart from Nii.......won't show it."
Speaking of which, Sora did also have a hearty appearance after he shaved
his stubble.
How to say it.
(Wh-what a failure.....)
Staring intently at Sora, Steph desperately tried to suppress her nosebleed,
that.....
Currently, Sora did not have the vile feeling that he emitted out during
their first meeting, but instead had the hearty image of a [Good Youth].
However— The problems didn't stem from here.
Trying desperately to endure the forthcoming gushing nose bleed, Steph
blurted out.
"Y-you, both of you— get dressed!"
—Steph got so shocked that she stood up, while the siblings, with only towels
wrapped around themselves, replied.
"......Didn't you say you wanted to wash our clothes? We only have those
clothes to wear...unless they've already been dried?"
Said Sora, who didn't expect that dryers would exist in this world.
"Th-that, that......... then I will prepare you some clothes— male, do we have
male clothes to wear....... gu, guuuuu................... why did it end up like
this.......... "
Grumbling, Steph turned around and left to search for clothes.
—10 minutes later.
The exact same location as before, Steph was currently kneeling on the
ground with her head down, deeply regretting what she had done.
(Wh-what a failure.....)
"Ho ho, this is a butler's uniform— the so-called [Tuxedo],
right..........although moving around in it is quite inconvenient, it's quite
interesting, like cosplay! And it matches with the white lining."
Standing in front of the drooping Steph, was a butler-dressed Sora.
"............Fluttering, too much. Inconvenient for movement......."
And Shiro who was wearing Steph's dress from when she was a child.

This was her satisfactory choice after searching for suitable clothes that
would fit both of them.
There was only the servant's clothes for the men— which was the butler's
uniform.
Similarly, for clothes suitable for an eleven year old girl, only the clothes
that she wore in the past could be acceptable.
The gesture of both siblings, were like of a highborn Ojou-sama with her
personal butler beside her.
Steph stole another glance again.
Probably because of his slender body and broad shoulders, the subtle butler
kind of style perfectly matched Sora, which made Steph's heartbeat pound
furiously.
Looking at the little sister who looked like his master, Steph's heart
clenched for the third time.
"Really, a failure...."
"Hmm? What's wrong?"
"Nothing at all!"
Carelessly misspeaking out her inner anxiety, Steph hurriedly shook her
head.
Patting on her knees that were still planted on the ground, Steph stood up.
But if this slender girl's mind could be easily perceived, then Sora did not
resent the eighteen years of being a virgin.
Whispering to himself.
"Slept, refreshed after a bath— Steph."
"Hm, ah, eh? Wh-what is it?"
"What are you panicking for. Erm....this house............this
building........castle?"
For the Tokyo-born Sora, he was unable to classify what Steph's "residence"
type was within his cognitive range, but he concluded that this was [Just
fine].
"Does it have a library or a stack room where books can be accessed and
reviewed?"
"Ah, yes...............there is one..........what are you going to do?"
"Steph, are your ears bad? Didn't I say I want to review the books?"
"Th-that of course I heard it! I am just asking what do you need to check!"
"Check what...........hmmm, naturally about all the things in this world."
"—[This World]?"
Steph was somewhat confused about these words that would normally come
out of inhabitants from a different world.
"......Nii, that.....we haven't told her yet."
Said Shiro with a dejected expression, seeming unwilling to accept her dried
hair.
"—Hmmm? That? Is that so?"
"Erm...I don't understand what you are saying?"
"Ah, how to explain this. This will feel awkward explaining things now."
This kind of topic, whether if it was believed or not, could be said to be the
biggest obstacle.
Sora thought carefully on what he should say in order to gain trust.
—Scratching his head, he sighed.
It was obvious that Sora was showing a troubled expression.
Then, without affectation, he casually said,
"To put it simply, we are [From a different world]. So we want to acquire
knowledge of this world."
—Just like that.
Part 3
They were guided to the library— or what looked like one.
Almost the same proportions as a high school library, it was actually Steph's
[Private stack room].
Huge amounts of books filled the bookshelves that were neatly arranged
against the wall.
Although they wanted to investigate something—
"......Eh, Steph."
"Hmm? What is it?"
Sora unexpectedly ran into a huge obstacle.
"—The common language of this country, it isn't Japanese?"
Holding the book that was in a foreign language, Sora hugged his head and
groaned.
"Japanese? I don't quite understand, but the natural lingua franca for the
human species is [Human language]."
"Whoa............a really super, straightforward world."
Obviously there wasn't a problem with communicating.
Yet the text written in the book could not be identified.
".........Then, are you guys really from a different world?"
"Yeah, I know you'll find it hard to believe—"
People wouldn't believe Sora's words, but rather think that it was a plot in a
story. Even Sora didn't expect to be trusted easily.
"Ah, no. On that point, I have never doubted it."
Hearing Steph's soft reply, Sora could not help but be stunned.
"Huh? Why?"
In return, the conversely shocked Steph also replied.
"You ask me why....... the Elves who possess high level magic were originally
summoned from another world, so this is not an eye-catching thing.
Moreover, looking at your appearance, it was certain that you were not
people of this country, but you could only be human........ "
—After all, there was only one country left for mankind.
"Ahhh.......that's right~. This is a fantasy world after all~.......Fuu."
Seeming to be too paranoid, Sora sighed deeply.
Once again, he flipped through the foreign book and scratched his head.
"Hmmm........ it is indeed troublesome to not be able to rely on our general
knowledge. Can you remember it........... Shiro?"
"........Un."
"How?"
".....Un."
Sora and Shiro.
They seemed to be exchanging information with a communication
method known only to the siblings.
Casting their line of sight on the books, both of them fell silent.
Unable to stand this awkwardness, Steph sighed.
"......So, what should I do?"
This time, she would probably have to [Contribute] and be a tutor for both of
them, which could not help but add a little self-deprecating flavor.
But, Sora who had moved his sight away from the book, proposed something
different.
"No. What I want is something different."
Hearing that, Steph suddenly remembered what had happened last night
and this morning, before assuming a defensive posture.
Even though Steph would not be surprised if she heard dozens of PervertedH
things coming from his mouth—
"Could you answer a few questions for me."
"— Okay.......ah, huh? That, no problem."
Hearing something unexpected yet serious, Steph stroked her chest in relief.
Putting on a serious face, Sora continued.
"Yesterday, when I groped your chest, you had no resistance, so why did you
hit me when I tried to flip your skirt, just why— okay, okay, I'll be serious,
that was just a joke........."
Feeling the penetrating gaze of Steph, Sora's gaze once again fell back onto
the book.
"Hmm, I often hear the words 'Human race', so what are the other 'Races',
then."
Looking like she had heard an incredible question, Steph rejoined.
"...........Is there only the human race in Sora's world?"
"Well, at least the only form of interaction we have should only be with that
of a [Human]— so?"
"Ah, guu.......this, eh...."
As they had claimed, they were not from this world, so what should be
clarified first. After considering this point, Steph began talking.
"Firstly— do you know about [God's words]?"
"How the [Ten Oaths] came into being? We heard it from some choir group
by the fountain not too long ago."
"I understand...— then— "
—Cough cough.
"The so-called [Races], for which the [Ten Oaths] were laid down for, are
the intellectual 【Sixteen Races】."
"Sixteen races......"
"With the [Ten Oaths] as the basis, the rights to encroach, violate, destroy,
and mutually kill for the 【Sixteen Races】— were all taken away, and the
result was, war disappeared from this world."
"......I see. And I was originally wondering where would the food come from
— but it turned out that the [Oaths] were only limited to intellectual life."
While flipping through the book, Sora felt quite satisfied with what he had
said.
Seeing this, Steph sighed and muttered 'How smart' in her heart, before
continuing.
"However, let's see, using games to determine ongoing wars. Which are also
territorial battles— 'Gambling for the country'. Even as we speak, someone
would most likely be playing this sort of game."
[Gambling for the country]— Sora had some reaction to this previously
heard
phrase.
"—The human race's country is only left with Elchea, right?"
".........Currently, it is indeed true...........even though it was not said that other
races would have only one country— but for the human race, we are only left
with Elchea."
— Even till here.
Sora kept asking questions which he had already known the answers to.
And comparing with this world, their own world seemed to have more
common sense.
Which means,
"So if there is no war, why fight for territory? Can't interlocution solve
anything?"
".....Guu, that....."
But, Shiro replied instead of the halted Steph.
"........... Resources are limited........... as long as continuous propagation is
infinite...
..... sharing will also be limited............... leading to common demise."
"Y-yeah. Just like that!"
Hearing the opinions of Shiro who had snatched her chance to speak, Steph
hurriedly nodded.
"........You...didn't even consider that before, right......."
Because Shiro answered first, Sora, who did not receive the perception a
resident this world might have, helplessly watched Steph.
"Wh-wh-what are you saying, this type of thing!"
—Indeed, she did perceive all of this as "common sense", since she was born
here after all.
So as for why the games were used to compete for this problem, it was going
to be difficult to answer when questioned.
".......In any case, this problem is quite similar to our world's too."
Sora sighed.
Even without [War], [Competition] still exists.
—Which also means, [Total equality] is unachievable.
If equality was equal to handing out limited chairs, then competing with
each other would be a game of [Musical Chairs].
And the results, the wealthy would be the [Minority] while the poor would
be the [Majority]—
What a pain, there was clearly nothing different between this world and their
world.......
"Then, what kind of specific races are there in the 【Sixteen Races】?"
Pausing all his thoughts, Sora got the topic back on track.
Steph hummed........like she was desperately trying to recall things, while
counting numbers using her fingers.
"Below only God, the first is the Divine Spirit race, then the second is the
Phantasma race, number three is the Elementals race— there is also the
Dragon and Giant
race...........
Elf and Werebeast race, erm—
and so on."
"........
Hmmmm, as expected of a benevolent fantasy
world."
Steph seemed to have given up on reciting the sixteen races after reaching
the middle.
Facing against the weak-minded Steph, Sora suddenly remembered another
question.
"Hey, what are the [Number placings].........for?"
"Uh, that. I am not so sure myself, but it seemed to be some sort of ranking
sequence."
"— Ranking sequence?"
"Un, un, to say it simply, the level of their adaptive magic, which was what I
heard."
"What do you mean, what I heard...you are really ambiguous. Steph, did you
receive education?"
Disregarding his NEET identity, Sora asked to a seemingly unhappy Steph.
All the things he said, lead to a new topic, before coughing afterwards.
"First things first, I did~ I did graduate from college, okay?! And about this
ranking sequence, there was nothing to research about humans— because
we are number 16— which means that our magic adaptive level is 0. It
couldn't be observed no matter how hard you research about it."
".......0?"
Sora shifted his line of sight away from the book and asked.
"Hmm—? Wait, humans can't use magic?"
"Yeah. Apart from that, we can't even perceive magic."
"............. I feel like............. as long as you use props, wouldn't that do?"
"Games infused with magic could be played.......... because the game itself
require magic to be driven— but magic for mankind is just impossible."
"—Absolutely?"
Although Sora kept firing annoying questions, Steph didn't show any sighs
of boredom. Actually, it would be better to say—
"Absolutely. Humans can't connect to the [Spirit Corridor]— which is the
source of magic."
Steph slightly lowered her head.
"That's why we are on a losing streak for [Gambling for the Country]......"
—Aaa.
With a slightly bitter smile, Sora went on.
".......Then, the most adept at using magic are? It really is the number one
right?"
"Ah, no. Being closer to number one, means being closer to becoming gods
— their existence could be regarded as a form of magic. But generally, for the
most adept in using magic, it would be the [Elf race] from number seven."
Elf. A typical impression crossed Sora's mind after hearing the word.
"—Elf........isn't an Elf...pointy eared, pale skin?"
Steph gave out an expression that clearly wondered how did residents
from another world know so much.
"Errr, yes. Now, the largest country in this world would be [Avant Heim], a
place that is driven by magic. But upon mentioning magic, the word could
be synonymous with the Elf race."
—Sora sighed with a 'Fuu'.
Placing his hand on his chin, Sora used a very serious expression and
started thinking.
"—"
Because Sora was decked out in a tuxedo uniform, in addition to his serious
face, Steph's heart started beating wildly.
(Illusion, illusion, illusion— these are only instilled feelings.)
Just when Steph's heart went into meditation, Sora seemed to have
finished his thoughts.
As if wondering about something, Sora carefully worded his reply.
"...........A race that can't use magic..........can't have a [Big country]?"
"Eh, ah, no, the Werebeast race from number 14 can't use magic either....."
Steph reluctantly and incoherently answered.
"But, what's different is, they can rely on their powerful senses to read the
magic atmosphere and people's feelings. The islands in the South-Eastern
seas are joined together as the Werebeasts' country, the [Eastern Union],
which is the world's third largest country—"
Steph painfully, and unconsciously increased the strength of her hand that
was clutching her arm, before continuing.
".......Even if they can't use magic, they can still compete with others— with
the exception of [Aylwin Gerudo], they can rival many races and nations. But
it doesn't really matter, because in a human's eyes, it would seem as if they
were using something similar to [Super powers] or [Super sensing]."
"—Aaaa. So that's how it is."
If humans can't even detect the usage of magic, wielding it would be
impossible.
A unilateral disadvantage where the opponent uses cheats that can't be
detected, of course humans can't win.
—If this was confirmed, then losing was natural.
"Hmmmmmm, there is such a thing, eh."
As if Sora had figured it out, he nodded strongly. But at the same time.
"......Nii—I memorized it."
Shiro's voice sounded.
"Oh, as expected of my little sister."
"..........Continue, praising me."
"Ohh, of course. As expected of my prided sister, so talented! Very
awesome."
Sora stood up and casually stroked Shiro's head, for which Shiro responded
by narrowing her eyes like a cat.
Steph did not understand what was going on and just stared at them, before
muttering.
".....Eh? Memorized what?"
"What are you asking about, of course the human language."
Shifting his sight to the amazed Steph, Sora casually said.
"But she really is incredible, eh. I still need a bit more time."
"......Nii, how slow.......... "
"..........Huhuhu, for a man, compared to fast, slower is better right?"
"..........
.. Nii, how small."
"It, it's, it's, its not small!! On, on what basis—— Steph, are you okay?"
Steph was stunned just by listening to their conversation.
With her tone changed, she said.
"That
...... I didn't hear wrongly right? Did you all just— memorized a
language?"
"Well, yeah? So what?"
"....... (Nods)."
"—In such a short time? Are you kidding me?"
Her face slightly twitched again to confirm it. But Sora breezily replied.
"This is nothing surprising. Since grammar and words are similar to
dialogues, won't memorizing the text settle everything."
"........Nii........that, you haven't memorized it yet."
"Finishing it in 10 minutes is too fast for your brother. Your brother isn't as
smart as you, I will probably still need one more hour. Oh yeah, how to read
this by the way. I can't seem to grasp the marking law—"
".......That, isn't........Japanese............use Latin grammar, to read it.........."
"No, I've thought about that already, but the syntax for the position of the
predicate is quite strange."
"...........Ancient Chinese............."
"Eh? So only the depiction part is in front! How annoying— ah, but now the
sentence is smooth."
"...........Nii, needs to master, more languages......"
"For you to learn eighteen different languages, it is already a special case.
And as for me, I am just a people person, six languages is already enough for
me to play games without encountering any difficulties."
—Steph implausibly listened to the siblings conversation.
But the siblings only had a casual look.
Both of them seemed to be taking her for granted, casually talking to each
other.
Language, also could communicate. As long as the text is memorized.
Arranging that sentence, it actually did indeed sound quite simple.
However, they didn't enumerate another important fact into their
conscious yet.
Which was—
[No one to teach], which also meant that what they did was not『Study』,
but『Interpret』.
Completing such a thing in a short time, yet they did not seem boastful.
(In, In their world— is this counted as normal?)
Both of them had already exceeded her comprehension of creatures.
Looking at the siblings that were not from this world, Steph felt a chill down
her spine.
However, at the same time, faint warmth started pouring out of her chest.
......Unless this is.
Unless she herself.
Are meeting people that have transcended humans.
And they are the ones— who will eventually change the people of this
country.
"— Hm? What's wrong?"
Aware of being stared at, Sora turned his head to face Steph, which heated up
her inner agitation even more.
"Eh, ah, no, that— I will, go make tea."
Steph hurriedly left the library in a panic, with her ears dyed red.
Puzzledly watching Steph leaving, Sora said.
".......What's wrong with her?"
But Shiro did not even give a glance to him and just continued reading the
book.
"......Nii, absolutely......doesn't know........a maiden's heart."
"— If I understood that, I would not have kept my virginity for 18 years
already. And what does a maiden's heart have to do with that?"
A scene where an eleven year old girl is preaching to an eighteen year old
boy about a maiden's heart.
Although men mature later than women..........
At least for this occasion, this saying was applicable.
"....... Obviously, compared to Shiro.......... better, at reading others
feelings........ "
Shiro whispered, and that boast made Sora look triumphant.
"In games, this would reflect my ability, but in reality, reading a person's
mood is a completely different thing."
That analogy to compare games and the so-called female— No, "so-called
human".....
Just like a galge, where tens of thousands of time-limited options would jump
out every second.
Facing that kind of impossible game that generate their own ideas was of
course not natural.
—But, that matter does not matter right now.
"Okay......"
Under Shiro's help, Sora was finally able to understand the human language.
He read an entire book to confirm his results.
After closing the hardcover book with a 'Pata!'
A serious face began showing.
"Okay— Shiro."
".......Un."
"You are aware of it already right."
"......Un."
The siblings were communicating in a language that only the both of them
understood.
Sora, unconfidently and with little insight, asked.
"— What do you think?"
But Shiro closed her eyes and replied.
"........Shiro—Will follow.....Nii."
Slightly opening her eyes, and showing the usual deadpan look, Shiro
dismissively said.
".......Just like that promise—no matter, where."
—Promise, yes.
Father brought a [Little sister] from the previous marriage—Shiro.
The amazing little sister who was a born talent.
And a brother whose innate mind was horrible.
Because of the erraticness, both of them complemented each other better
than real siblings.
Eventually, even both parents abandoned them.
Without any friends nor companions, a promise was forged between them.
—Because of being too capable, the little sister was misunderstood by others.
—Because of being too incapable, the brother was good at reading others.
To make up for the shortcomings, the ten year old [Brother] from then
made an proposal.
And the three year old [Little sister] that was capable of multiple languages,
nodded and pinky swore.
Stroking the head of his [Little sister].
Since then, for eight years—
The little sister who would follow her shameless brother— Shiro.
However, a brother who did not even take her out of the room— Sora.
If it wasn't a regret, then it was.....
"In short— compared to [That world], this side is much more interesting
right?"
He stared at the distant horizon where a chessboard was faintly visible.
Taking out his phone, Sora started the schedule planner.
Part 4
Steph watched as the boiling water sounded with a 'Gulou Gulou'.
Needless to say, when boiling tea leaves, the temperature for the water is
extremely important.
Accompanying the tea were pancakes made yesterday.
It had been too long since the human territory last had sugar, so snacks were
thoroughly lacking.
She could only use cinnamon as a replacement for sugar for the pancakes,
which she made, full of confidence.
—The tea, with the sliced pancakes, were placed on the tray.
"......Okay, there should be no more problems."
Feeling a sense of accomplishment, Steph gently wiped the sweat off of her
forehead for a job well done.
"Erm, Ojou-sama."
As if waiting for the chance to approach her, the maids asked Steph.
"Ah, what is it?"
"No.....sorry for our rudeness, but Ojou-sama, what are you doing?"
".........Indeed, you are very rude. Why the sudden question?"
"No, that........ if you had just commanded us, we, the maids, would have
prepared the tea and snacks, but you wordlessly did it on your
own................. and you seem to be desperately trying to do it well....... "
——……………….
A-re?
Hearing that, she wondered: why did she make the tea with her own hands?
Raising such a question for herself, a scenario started appearing in her head.
[Whoa. How delicious. Steph, you're really good at housework, aren't you.]
Just like that, Sora would hold the teacup in one hand and smile.
——…………Puu, dee.
Blood started filling Steph's face.
"——AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH, what the helllllllllllllll!!"
Shouting this, Steph headbutted the wall.
"Why do I have to personally make snacks to prove my own housework
prowess! That man, it would've been enough to just give him that water over
there— and that rock, plus the weeds!"
"Oj-Ojou-sama! Please calm down!"
"Ch-chief maid! Oj-Ojou-sama's mentality is unstable—!"
The maid hurriedly stopped Steph from producing more of the 'bang bang
bang' sounds, falling into a state of chaos.
Part 5
"........Ah~......"
Sighing sadly, Steph walked in the hallway while carrying a silver tray.
On the tray, there were 2 portions— which was the tea and refreshments
that were prepared for the siblings earlier.
Once again failing to overcome her feelings, Steph personally prepared the
items meant for them while sighing again.
Self-loathing, but at the same time, the thought of seeing Sora enjoying the
food and praising her—
".............Can't deny that I am a little bit expectant.........heh."
However.
Steph suddenly stopped moving.
"Wait a moment, Steph. This food, will it suit the taste of someone from a
different world?"
Steph was confident with her tea and cooking techniques.
But, the receivers were not from this world.
"Ah—darn it—"
Another scenario swept past her mind.
『Whoa, sorry, but I'll pass on this one』
Sora blubbled with a wrinkly face.
"Ahhhhhhhhh.......is, isn't that bad, the retreat route of saying『this was
made by the maids』had disappeared already— erm, what kind of retreat
route is that! No matter what they think, I don't really care— no! Ahhhhhhh
Really..............this, is definitely a curse......"
Getting completely caught in a state of confusion and helplessness.
Taking a deep breath, she started organizing her thoughts to search out an
excuse.
"Ye-yes. Not only being taken as a fool, if I can't even make one cup, or one
piece of snack, this would tarnish the Dora's family reputation. But this is
unquestionably tasty, it must be the cultural difference if it was disliked—
yeah, this excuse— this"
Chattering everything out.
While reciting out the excuse, with both hands that were in an empty state,
she struggled to open the stack room's door.
"—A-re?"
—Surveying everywhere, the figure of the siblings weren't there.
Wind that came from an unlocked balcony door near the front stairs blew
against the curtain slightly.
Arriving to the balcony.......Steph found the siblings there.
The butler-dressed brother was currently leaning on the balcony, taking a
picture of the street with his phone.
The little sister that was a reminiscent of a white-haired Ojou-sama— leaned
against her brother while reading a book.
—The duo that was always together, wouldn't surprise anyone if they died
due to separation.
Seeing the pair in a picturesque scene— and their relationship.
Her heart started to clench, but Steph reminded herself that it was just a
misconception.
".......What a bustling street."
Watching the commotion outside, Sora said.
"—Yeah. The selection for the king's position is still ongoing."
Replying, Steph placed the tray on the table that was on the balcony, and
started pouring the tea.
".......That.......please enjoy."
"Ah, thanks."
"Little sister should drink one too."
".......Un."
The initial impression—was a city of a『Typical fantasy world』— but now
it was slightly different.
— Due to the prohibition of war, the city was not damaged in any way.
The various buildings that resembled Romanesque architecture, classical
architecture and Baroque architecture were intertwined.
The road was paved with bricks, a wagon was walking up link, and a barque
was docked on the harbor not far away.
It looked like even steam engines had not been invented.
Even more distant away, was a range of terraced hills, with the agricultural
practices using a style that was more ancient than this city.
—If war did not happen, this scene would be the perfect reflection of it.
Ironically, 『Chemistry』was accelerated during the war, so that fertilizer
and fuel was dependent of technology to significantly leap forward.
Then again, the books seen in Steph's library were almost entirely written by
hand— manuscripts.
Probably typography wasn't invented yet or it was still not popularized.
"Renaissance of the Medieval Europe. Or probably before being
contaminated by the industrial revolution.............what a beautiful city."
".............Copied references...........from strategy game..............you worked
hard."
—But, Sora thought.
According to God's words, the great war where the celestial body turned this
into a scorched earth, was probably thousands of years ago.
That is to say, since the conclusion of the『Oaths』, it had been a few
thousand years already.
And [Human kind] who was incapable of using any magic.
The same constitution as the [Human] in their original world.
After thousands of years, their world level was still stuck in the early
fifteenth century.
—How about those racial civilization that could use magic to cheat, what was
their situation.
Sora suddenly asked.
"Ne, Steph—you, why do you want to be the King?"
"—Ah?"
"I heard that its because you will no longer be royalty, and that you were
desperately trying to disprove this rumor."
Sora recalled back what he heard in the Inn cum Tavern. But.
"—That, it doesn't matter anymore."
—In the final analysis, rumors are rumors. One laugh and it would be over.
She stood next to Sora and overlooked the street view.
"—This country— Elchea, is considered pretty big right?"
Looking into the distance— past the normal line of sight, she continued.
"In the past, the world had several human countries. And Elchea was
considered it's largest."
Prideful, yet self-depreciative, she continued.
"But since the introduction of the『Ten Oaths』, this had become the
sole『Last country』for mankind already."
"......."
"It looks very lively right? But............Elchea is moving towards the path of
destruction."
Once again looking at the hustle and bustle of the street, but this time her
expression was depressing.
Following the line of sight, Sora easily imagined it out.
Losing territory, a small country with a huge population.
Lack of resources and food would eventually lead to economic stagnation.
Wanting to produce food, yet no land to do so, and with no outputs, there
would be no labor positions.
Although the order made by the『Ten Oaths』was stable,
—He thought of the time when he arrived in this world, ganged up by a
group of thieves.
Sora gazed towards the direction of the cliff.
Shiro who was leaning on her brother's leg and reading a book, browsed
towards Steph.
"The previous king— my Ojii-san, lost the gambling for country, forcing him
into an impasse, which was the capital. With the humans on a losing streak,
the situation would keep deteriorating....."
Clenching her fist, Steph bit down on her lip.
"Accused of being stupid, yet still thinking of saving the country, wasn't
wrong in anyway—"
—If land was not taken back, humans won't be able to multiply indefinitely.
Rather than waiting for its demise, it was better to find a way out from
this poor environment—was it.
"I—want to save Elchea...."
Steph was trying to fight back her tears.
"Prove to everyone that Ojii-san wasn't wrong—the continuation of the
human kind..........actively take the offensive to recapture territories,
otherwise
in the near future, humans will really be extinct."
—This sentence came out painfully from Steph.
With her usual expression, Shiro indifferently asked.
"……Steph.....like.........this country, this world?"
"Un un—of course!"
—Smiling with tears.
Steph promptly answered.
However, in contrast with her actions, both siblings lowered their heads.
"......... How great, ah....... "
".......... Yeah, it really is enviable that one could assert it out."
But—Sora used a calm, yet indefensible tone of voice.
And shattered the glimmer of hope that Stephanie Dora had.
"But that sort of wish cannot be accomplished."
"—Wuh...."
"And, to say something worse—"
He got close to the speechless Steph and attacked(Verbally).
"Your grandfather—right here right now, I will say he is the worst foolish
king."
—…………
Looking like she was trying hard to squeeze out words, Steph opened her
mouth after the long silence.
"—Wh-Why.......would you think so?"
Biting her lips, the feeling of nails digging into the flesh of her palm could
be felt.
.......If violence wasn't prohibited in this world, those words would have
rewarded a slap across Sora's face. Even so, Steph was still fuming mad and
angrily remarked.
Obsessed with him—no.
No matter how strong the mandatory of falling in love is, she could not
forgive such verbal abuse.
But for this question, Sora sighed and took a photograph using his phone.
Reminiscent of the European city from the fifteenth century.
No reasons to go to war, the old and new buildings mixed together, showing
a beautiful city.
However, precisely because of this—remorse could be felt.
"If this goes on—this country will perish. At the same time the selection of
the new King is going on."
The unexpected phrase came out.
Using a hysterical tone, the confused Steph retorted.
"Wh-Why would you say that! Precisely because this wasn't supposed to
happen that the selection of King was created."
The somewhat helpless Sora and Shiro lifted their heads to look at the sky.
A different shade of grey from what they were familiar with, like the color of
a spilled blue ink, a generally blue sky.
—Then, both of them thought of the things when they had just arrived.
The words that "God" said to them.
All decisions decided with a simple game, the world similar to a chessboard,
[Dischord].
My—
Shiro's—
—A dream world
—New lease of life—world.
".......Steph, when will this gambling assembly end?"
Although Steph did not accept the words said previously and looked
unhappy, she still replied.
"—Today is the last day."
Setting her line of sight on the eastern side, what looked to be a King's city.
"In the evening, the last game will be played in the hall, if there are no people
who would raise objections to the final victory, then the victor will be the
new
king.........is there any problem?"
Closing the book with a 'Pata', Shiro stood up.
Stretching his waist, Sora patted his cheeks.
"—Yosh! Eh, little sister."
"......Un."
"No matter what your brother does, will you follow?"
"Un."
"Instantaneous reply eh. And I was prepared for some struggling to—"
".......Liar."
"Hm?"
"......Nii, looks........very happy."
As expressionless as usual.
A smile could be seen through the sights of Sora.
"—Haha, busted by you right?"
Ending it, both of them turned and went.
"Hey, wait, where are you going!?"
"King City."
"—Aa?"
Seemingly not being able grasp what Sora had said, Steph sent out a silly
voice.
However, not minding that, Sora continued walking.
"I am going to prove that your grandpa was right."
"——Aa?"
Sensing that Steph was hastening from behind.
Sora confirmed the matters in his phone's schedule planner.
—『Target』—In any case, become the King first.
Showing a wry smile, Sora pocketed his phone.
"Rarely obtaining a new world, it would be troublesome to come to a place
where it keeps losing."
"............(Nods)(Nods)."
"Then let's go be king, and snatch back the territories."
—Was that misheard?
Stephanie Dora tried to carefully confirm what was said earlier.
Then, when it was confirmed that she had not misheard, she looked at the
man's back.
A relaxed tone as if going out to buy something.
But wanting to confirm a piece of matter, the rebellious self-confidence and a
sense of trust—
The man's back that declared that he was going to recapture the territory of
humanity.
"Ah, right."
Grabbing the snack from the balcony table, Sora stuffed it into his mouth.
"—Ah"
Facing towards Steph who had forgotten that the snack was even there,
"Un, delicious. The refreshments were all delicious. Thank you!"
Turning his head around, he smiled towards himself.
Her heartbeat increasing violently, was it because of the [Oath]?
Even Steph was not sure of that now.
Chapter 3: - Expert/Expert
Part 1
Evening— King City, Elchea. The hall.
At the time when the majority of the crowd had already believed that the
selection of the king was coming to a conclusion.
In front of the throne, a small table and two chairs facing opposite sides
around it were placed.
The spectators that packed the hall focused their attention on one of the
seated people.
—Leaning against the table, expressionlessly crossing her arms, wearing a
black veil draped over her head, resembling a mourning shawl, exuding an
aura as if she were dead, was a tall black haired girl—
Yes........the one who cheated to eliminate Steph— that girl.
An old man whose appearance matched that of a high ranking official said.
"—Then, this person— Kurami Zierh remains victorious in the
election...........are there any other challengers?"
Although there was lots of noise and clattering in the hall, evidently there
was no one with the look of a challenger.
That was normal— a girl who had won all the games so far— Kurami.
By now, those who believed that someone could still defeat her didn't exist
anymore.
Kurami closed her eyes to this fact, and added a non-emotional feeling to her
original deadpan expression.
Since it was like this, the old man added.
"—Then, complying with the previous king's last words, Kurami-sama— will
become the new king of Elchea. If you have any objections, please stand up.
Otherwise, remain silent—"
"Ah, yes, yes. I disagree. I disagree, I disagree~!"
The phrase resounded throughout the hall, interrupting the old man.
The black-haired girl— Kurami, opened her eyes.
All eyes in the noisy hall converged at the direction from which the sound
came from.
A butler, along with a white-haired girl— Sora and Shiro, stood up and
raised their hands.
"Yes, yes. I have an objection, we both have an objection."
".......Un."
"........Who's that?"
With her blank expression, Kurami's line of sight fell behind the two people.
"—Stephanie Dora's..........servants?"
Standing behind those two was Stephanie, whose shoulders were shaking.
Still devoid of expression, yet with a slightly mocking tone, she said.
"—Because you lost to me and couldn't be eligible for the election, you sent
servants? It's really a shameful act, isn't it........."
However, towards Kurami who sent an undisguised look of contempt.
Sora only smiled and replied while walking to her.
"Ahahaha, that sentence, you're not in any position to say that."
"—What do you mean, eh."
"Aiyah, but in fact, I don't really give a damn for this troublesome selection
for the king's throne, it's not my cup of tea oh."
Sora scratched his head, saying the same things that could be known as
annoying. Kurami narrowed her eyes.
"..........In that case, can you please disappear? This is not a place where you
can play around with children."
Sora started laughing— with a "But ah", he narrowed his eyes.
"It's not good to give a vacated throne to someone who『is a cheater that
borrows strength from other countries』right?"
The city interior started stirring up due to this sentence.
— Strength from other countries? — what is that? However, those chattering
were filtered out.
With sound audible only to Shiro, Sora whispered.
"—Is it there?"
What was on Shiro's hand, was the phone Sora used to shoot yesterday at
the bar.
Identifying the photo displayed on the screen, there were people who were
recognizable in this hall.
".........Four persons"
Shiro answered.
"Aside from that— the guy who hid his ears?"
"One person."
"Bingo. Then point her out with this current opportunity."
".......Un."
Steph leaned forward and asked the siblings who were currently discussing.
"Hey.............this, what is going on? What thing about other country's
strength?"
Steph quietly whispered in Sora's ear, and Sora replied to her clueless
expression,
"You still don't get it? Well, for example? For example—"
It turned loud.
"Conspiring with elves, using magic to achieve total victory to become the
next king, and finishing this country once and for all!"
Fear started to mingle with the commotion in the hall.
Gazing at this scene, Sora confirmed that no one had really noticed this truth.
"...............But then, if such a major problem wasn't even noticed, perhaps the
defeat of the human species is a natural outcome."
"—Ne, you."
Kurami stood up while saying that and walked towards Sora.
The expressionless face that was concealed by the veil exuded out a unique
sense of coercion.
"Are you trying to say that I used magic to cheat?"
"Don't be like that, didn't I say『For example』? Or did I really hit the mark?"
However, that sense of coercion wasn't even acknowledged in the slightest.
Sora carefreely ignored that kind of pressure, and still carried a very
blatant provocation. This should be based on what he has absolute
confidence in.
"—Okay. Since you have a disagreement, I'll take it as you want to play a
game now?"
"Fineeee~. It's a great help for you to do that~♪ But—"
Then, Sora interrupted Kurami who was just about preparing the poker
cards.
"Since it is a poker game— wouldn't it be better if you could dismiss those
facilitators over there right?"
Afterwards, as if responding to Sora's smile, Shiro stretched her fingers.
The commotion suddenly calmed down, and the attention of the crowd
became concentrated on the direction of that finger.
Kurami— and the man pointed, started twitching in their faces.
That small and relative change— was easily seen as a sufficient lethal point.
"— What are you talking about eh?"
"Ah, really? Then, could someone take down that person's hat?"
Even though the accused man took a step back, the surrounding audience
eventually removed his hat.
Two ears were exposed.
—Often seen in fantasy stories— yes, the long ears of elves.
Is, Isn't that guy from the elf race?
Chatter chatter.
Hey hey........then, it really was exactly what that guy said—
Chatter chatter.
That bitch, used magic-oriented cheats?
"Aye aye, this glamorous and beautiful fraud master, can you go and assist
your friend?"
Ridiculed by Sora, Kurami's expression remained undaunted.
"—Don't let me reiterate again and again, I don't understand what you are
trying to say."
"Ah~really.Then throwing him out would create no problems right?"
Grinning, Sora waved his hands with a 'Hush hush' as if trying to drive out
that elf-like man.
After that, he turned to face Kurami again, and retrieved out another one—
Shiro's phone.
"Okay, then we should start playing the poker now right, no problems right?"
While holding the cellphone to use, Sora laughed and said.
—A few seconds of silence
Kurami with her usual deadpan, shut her eyes and said.
"—I see, you are thinking that I'm having a collusion with that elf who god
knows came from where, pushing me into some kind of standpoint alike of
an
[Enemy of humanity] who made use of magic............is that right?"
"Ah, a splendid rhetorical question. Or, you are prepared already?"
Kurami, upon hearing the further provocation from Sora,
"—However, I also have dignity here."
Remaining in her unreadable expressionless face, she cast a sight from
beneath her veil, as if to penetrate through Sora.
"If you wish, you may chase off that elf to wherever you like. Then— we
won't let any cheat to intervene, and demonstrate our true strength by
deciding a showdown using games."
But that proposal was exactly what Sora had envisioned, so he smiled
frivolously and said.
"Well~ Article 5 of 『Ten Oaths』, the challenged party has the right to
decide the contents of the game—however, why do you have to give up on
poker this time, and I'm being really gentle for not getting to the bottom of
that♥"
Saying that, he aimed the phone's camera at Kurami, taking a picture with a
'Kacha'
"Hmm, you really aren't photogenic ah? It would be more lovely if you could
smile a little."
Finishing, Sora showed the display screen to Kurami.
What he got back was a glare filled with killing intent, but Sora merely made
eye contact with her without faltering
—An observant eye that could see through anything
Kurami, felt faint chills circulating in her body—.
Part 2
Kurami suggested the most suitable game to be brought from her house
that could demonstrate one's true strength.
She simply said "Please wait a moment", before abruptly leaving King city.
On the other hand, Sora and the others were in the castle's atrium, waiting
while being bathed in sunset.
Sitting on a bench, both Sora and Shiro fiddled with their phones while
awaiting.
Glancing around from time to time.
Confirming that there was no one in the vicinity, Steph excitedly inquired
Sora.
"—The, then, I, I was being cheated with magic right!?"
".......Your, voice, too loud."
Steph was carrying an "I did not understand" kind of expression.
—But, she finally understood the truth behind the cheat that defeated her.
Moreover, the cheat had some involvement with magic, so towards this
point, it was comprehensible to her.
However, Sora who was considering something else, replied absently.
"Yeah, yes.......but to be more accurate, it was the magic used by a third
person who was the elf."
"Wha- what kind of magic was it?"
In the end, what kind of magic was used,
In addition, the only human who saw through that facade was Sora.
Moreover, the two were constantly concerned about the tools they were
manipulating.
Tools from a different world— maybe it could detect the usage of magic?
Waiting for the answer with expectant eyes, the reply Sora gave to Steph
was.
"Who knows? I have absolutely no clue."
—This answer that completely did not live up to her expectations.
Ignoring the dismayed and silent Steph, Sora dismissively replied.
"This was indeed a clever cheat. Back in the pub, I noticed that during the
battle with that guy, the hand that she collected was just too obvious. Shiro
and I immediately spotted that out."
"......Was Shiro, who noticed that."
"What a fussy little sister eh...........but it doesn't matter."
—Yesterday, on the first floor of the hotel/tavern.
Outside the tavern, in the midst of the poker game between Steph and
Kurami.
Coincidentally playing poker too, similarly using cheat, Sora was convinced
of his assertions towards the game inside.
However—
"If you want to ask me how that happened, I certainly have no reason to
know. After all, I know nothing about things related to magic."
"........"
Listening to the casual remark from Sora, Steph's half-opened mouth was
frozen.
"Ahh, magic is really powerful eh. If『Memory tampering』or『Rewriting
the fold』can't be proven, then winning is impossible. If humans can't
perceive magic, then they can only be aware of it when it comes down to
their gut feeling."
"—Wait"
Resurrecting from the petrochemical state, Steph shook her head and asked.
"Wait a moment, then how are we going to win!"
"Huh? It's impossible to win."
Facing Sora who would rather assert, Steph became speechless once again.
"It will be weird if you could win when dueling with those kinds of
opponents. The words are merely『Doomed to failure』— won't even have
a chance to win in one in a million."
But, Steph recovered again and started shouting, with Sora adding more
words in.
"So that's why we have to avoid it."
"—Eh?"
Steering his body to face Steph, Sora continued.
"Listen carefully, I am going to describe it as simple as possible."
"Guuu, okay...."
"Firstly, regarding this take turns in fighting one opponent to tire him out
kind of king election, the winner will be the representative of the human
species."
"Yeah....."
"But this kind of proposal is flawed. Because there will be lots of leeway for
other countries."
"—Guu. Indeed that's the case ....."
Being pointed something that Steph didn't even realise, she unwillingly set
her gaze away.
—Yes. Using an unconditional method like 'take turns in fighting one
opponent to tire him out' to determine the electoral law.
If other countries help humans who can't sense magic to win, a puppetry
government would be completed.
Humans would completely lose and eventually perish.
Full of loopholes, a folly solution.
"—Which also means this is not an individual battle. But a national,
diplomatic war. OK?"
"Ah, so it's like that....... I get it."
"So, it is the elf......
right? Although those group of guys want a human
puppet
to be elected as king— but to be able to think so complicatedly to this
degree, you don't think that the elves are the only species involved right?"
"—Th-that...."
"The other countries are considering the same thing, whether the first
implementation has been taken in account, we won't know, but it is a very
high probability."
Then—
"We will from this point onwards, change their mindset, making them
think that we are [Also the same as humans]."
Playing with his cellphone, Sora let out a mischievous smile.
"Owning equipment that humans can't possibly have, looking as if the device
was used to detect the magic, naturally the person will be instantly 
disqualified if magic was debunked. Furthermore, the key performer has
already been suspected and driven out—"
"The, then— suggested a battle under no influence of cheating right!"
A smiling face started appearing on Steph, but Sora only furrowed his brows,
before drooping his shoulders and saying.
"—You ah, to what degree is your naivety."
"Wh, why am I suddenly lectured!?'
"Did you hear what I said? Involvement from other countries is within
their expected range. Which is to say, they would naturally put into
account the sudden emergence of people like me right?"
"Ah...."
Then, with his thoughts back to the place where he originally
premeditated, Sora said.
"—It's safe to assume that the enemy is prepared. Preparing something
that even in this case, can also implement the smooth use of cheats."
........
Suddenly, because of Steph's words, Sora acted as if he thought of something
and quickly added.
"Steph, do you remember that the human species can't use magic, but can
play with『Magic-driven games』right?"
"Ah, yeah..."
As if pondering on the answer, Sora exposed a candid expression.
"You also said that『Elf are the most adept at using magic』right. So you
might never have guessed that in response to other countries competitions
that have technologies able to detect magic, they will embed an even more 
complex and less prone to be discovered magic into a game right— I'm afraid
that she is going to get『That』."
However, that sentence dulled down Steph's expression.
".......Then, if that happens. Wouldn't it make things much more difficult for
you?"
"—Huh? Why?"
"Eh? Because if it was a complex magic—"
This question has been repeated a couple of times already, Sora sighed yet
again.
"I said— towards us humans who are too pure,『Memory
tampering』and『Visual reading』those kinds of pure magic are humans
greatest threat, after all, there is no way to detect it. But if you are going to
use a game that is the same as gambling for the country, that kind of magic
won't be used."
Which also means, a game that appears on the [Surface].
But the fact is that it is included with an overwhelming advantage for the
user.
And being unable to perceive it— interference won't be made from the
outside party.
Most likely, an absolutely beneficial cheat will be set up.
But, the constant『Victory』like when challenging Steph will cease to exist.
In order to allow them to come up with that plan.
For that purpose, the phone was used.
Now, everything was going according to their ways.
".......Bu, but."
Suddenly, as if understanding, Steph uttered the right opinion.
"Even so—you can't change the『Overwhelming disadvantage』right?"
"Ah, yeah. Is there a problem with that?"
But, Sora answered without a care, sitting on the bench while hugging Shiro,
he replied.
"As long as it is a game that can be won in theory, for 『 』, losing
is impossible."
"...........Un."
Just when Shiro had won against the chess application installed in her
phone set in the highest difficulty, she endorsed by nodding.
.....—At this time.
As if noticing something, Shiro turned her head.
From the approaching silhouette—it was Kurami who had spent a
considerable amount of time making them wait.
"........No good, did she overhear our conversation just now."
Sora murmured to Shiro in a voice audible to her only, in which she
responded by nodding her head.
—[Don't worry], was what it was implied to be.
As if affirming her answer, the first word that Kurami spoke out was,
"—I'll be straightforward and ask. You spies, where are you from?"
Sora felt relief in his heart, but prevented it from showing on his face, merely
laughing as he replied her.
"Ah, yes, in fact, we are from some country— oi, do you really think I would
say that? Are you an idiot?"
"—I will not hand over this country."
"I already know oh? Because you want to give it to the elves right~~"
"..Wrong."
Sora laughed while throwing out provocations, but Kurami's serious
expression was in strong denial.
"I won't hand it to anyone. Imanity's country, belongs to Imanity alone."
"—Oh?"
For an [Oh, what an unexpected answer], Sora urged her to continue saying,
in which Kurami complies by asserting.
"Using the elf's strength is to ensure the survival circle of Mankind—
although you can't possibly imagine what a complex contract I had to
exchange to achieve this motive........and to when it is necessary to hand over
the territory
— I will sever all ties with the elves."
—Whoa.....
Even if it's Sora, he can't help it but have a mood as if embracing his head.
With a wry smile, she said words that came from her heart
"Exposing the plan and suspecting the elf as a spy, are you an idiot? Do you
want to die?"
But, the confidence conveyed through Kurami's eyes could be seen through
the veil, staring at Sora.
".............No matter which country's spy you are from, you can never win
against me oh?"
"Oh.........such great confidence you have there."
"But I'm just telling the truth oh. This world's biggest country 『Aylwin
Gerudo』—an impenetrable fortress that even the magical race like elfs
can't even win. Precisely because of this, it was known as the "Largest
country", having an engagement with it is surely defeat, without an
exception."
.......Un.
".........I'm a human—"
Relaxing her serious gaze, Kurami said while looking at Sora's eyes.
"I'll advise you, if you still have some heart for this country, for the sake of
Imanity, I hope you will give up on your spy task and stop this fight. I swear
that I am definitely not the puppet of the elves."
"......."
Facing the words which sounded like a plea, Sora did not utter a word.
"—Unable to use magic, even perceiving it is impossible—us humans."
Her face covered by the black veil, Kurami hinted out an expression of
unwillingness.
"If you want to survive in this world—it can be achieved by living under the
shelter of a country and obtaining『Rights to live』, then abandoning the
victory or defeat and close up. You understand me?"
....Oh.
Complying to the ten oaths, the challenged party has the right to decide the
contents of the game.
Indeed, borrowing strength from the strongest species could certainly get a
territory.
Rejecting all games and practising isolation was the most efficient and
effective strategy.
Able to obtain nothing else, at the same time, able to keep everything else.
It's just like chess, where the strongest line up is on hold.
However, towards these words—
"............Un, so that's how it really is.........it's definitely not a bad plan. I have
known this already......:"
"Then, you will surrender right......"
As if in gratitude, Kurami closed her eyes—
"However,
"I reject!"
Blurting out these words caused her eyes to widen in response.
"—Reason......could you tell me why?"
"Hehe, that's because....."
Sora hugged his little sister who was watching with an expression that
could not be discerned.
"One of our most favorite things for 『 』is—"
""Standing in a position where the opponent has an advantage and
deny it with a 『NO』!""
Like a chorus, both Sora and Shiro combined together.
Originally unclear of the plot, Steph and Kurami could not arrange this
reasoning properly.
Only looking at the excited siblings while feeling stunned.
"Wahaha!『I always wanted to try and say the number four lines[20] 』—
and I really said it out!"
".......Nii, very, goodjob."
Seeing the siblings raising a thumbs up, Kurami's shoulders started to
tremble.
Was it a provocation, or simply no room for any more negotiation.
"—Looks like I have wasted my time. I will beat you down with the power
you so desire to fight...........I'll be waiting in the hall."
"Yes~~yes~~. Go and prepare『the borrowed power that people fawn over
』"
While watching her leave, Sora deliberately threw out some offensive words.
"Is, is that alright? What she said, I think there is some truth in it......"
"—About that, I think it's time for you to [suspect others] right?"
Sora said while putting up his finger.
"One, where is the basis for the verified claims she is saying."
"Ah...."
Feeling slightly embarrassed as she understands it, Steph shyly lowered
her hear. Ignoring her actions, Sora put up his second finger and continued.
"Two, if she really has the means to win, then why did she bother coming
here to persuade us into abandoning our duel?"
"......Ah!"
Probably noticing the key points, Steph raised her head.
"To lessen the chance of her failing.............use the means to win without
having to duel—!?"
That is to say— the expected result Sora had thought.
Getting a rare answer that was correct from Steph, Sora smiled while putting
up his third and fourth fingers.
"Three, even if what she said was true, she can't disclose that sort of
information to people who are suspected to be spies from other country. And
lastly, we are finished if they figured out our playing cards, ok?"
Greatly opening her mouth, Steph could not help but nod excessively.
"So, so careful consideration was put in before saying those words eh......."
.......Of course Steph wouldn't know about the plot.
Gazing at Sora with candor, she realised her cheeks were flushed and
panickingly shook her head.
However, Sora was staring at the direction where Kurami left— the passage
that leads straight to the hall of King City.
"......But then, it doesn't end like that. That fellow—is similar to you."
Shifting his gaze to Shiro.
With a nod, Shiro took steps to move forward.
"—A bit, she underestimates us humans."
Part 3
Returning to the hall.
What greeted their eyes was a large audience filling the hall, who had
probably been waiting the whole time.
And then in front of the throne there stood a small table, and a pair of chairs.
On top of the table was—
"A chessboard...?"
This time—the one confused was Sora. An unfair game infused with the
elves' magic... He had considered many possibilities but—chess was outside
of his imagination. After all—how exactly do you cheat in chess? Sora was
concerned about this being slightly out of his expectation. However Kurami
sat in one of the chairs, and in a monotonous voice explained.
"Yes, chess. But this is not just normal chess."
Saying this she took out a small box, and scattered the pieces on the board.
—Then.
The 32 pieces, 16 each of black and white, each moved into position by
themselves, as if sliding on the board.
It was as if—
"That's right, this is chess where 'the pieces have their own wills'."
As if reading Sora's thoughts, Kurami answered.
"The pieces move automatically. Just give a command, and the pieces will
move according to the command."
"...I see. That's how it'll be, huh."
—She brought a troublesome game.
Sora thought through the possible ways she could cheat in his mind, and
clicked his tongue.
"...What do we do, Shiro."
If it were regular chess, then Shiro would definitely win.
But that was only if it were regular chess.
Not to mention that the opponent had definitely put in some magic, intending
to cheat.
"...Don't worry, if it's chess... I can't lose."
Saying this, Shiro boldly walked forward.
—But, before that, Sora confirmed.
"Hey, it's fine if we switch in the middle right?"
""—?""
The ones surprised were Kurami, as well as Shiro.
"Unfortunately, the two of us here are one player. Also, that seems to be a
game that only one side is familiar with. It's to even the playing field, right?"
While playing with his cellphone Sora said. As if trying to read his intentions,
Kurami stared into Sora's eyes. However, it didn't seem like she managed to
learn anything from Sora's eyes.
—Someone like that won't ever be equal to even one of 『 』's wings.
"—Do as you please."
Concerned about the cellphone in Sora's hands, or is it that she was alert
since she couldn't read anything from him. Kurami said, as if spitting out
the words—but.
"...Nii, do you think, Shiro will...?"
Unexpectedly protesting—was what was supposed to be the other wing, his
sister.
"Shiro, you're being too hotheaded. If it were regular chess then there's not
even a 10000 to 1 chance that you'd lose."
"...Nn."
Shiro nodded as if that was obvious.
Sora, too, was as serious as could be. There was no way she would lose.
—However.
"This is not just normal chess—it's as she says."
"..."
the strongest
"Don't forget. The two of us are one, the two of us are [ ] . Okay?"
"...So...rry. I'll be... careful..."
"All right! Then let's do this!"
He said, then patted Shiro's head—and then whispered beside her ear.
"—Until I see through their cheating and come up with a plan, go win this."
Nodding in confirmation, Shiro slowly approached the table.
"Are you done talking?—Then let's start, you can have the first move."
"...—"
Towards this obvious challenge, Shiro frowned for a moment.
Chess was 'no different from tic-tac-toe', was what Shiro had said.
What she said was no less than giving up the win.
Because chess is a game where if both players played optimally, then
theoretically [the first player wins].
For someone moving second, it would require the opponent to make at least
one mistake to even start thinking about a [tie].
"...b2 pawn, b4."
With a slightly spoiled mood, Shiro said, and the match started.
Not by moving with their hands, but by issuing voice commands, the
chessboard where the pieces automatically move.
Following the rules, limited to the first move, the pawn moved forward 2
squares.
—But, Kurami had said.
'The pieces have their own wills'.
There was no way that was referring to just moving automatically—.
While Sora was immersed in thought, Kurami quietly muttered.
"Pawn number 7, 'forward'."
Instantly—the commanded pawn.
——Moved forward 3 squares.
"""—Huh!?"""
The people who raised their voice were Sora as well as the audience.
"These are 'pieces with their own wills'—didn't I say so?"
A light smile appearing on her face, Kurami spoke.
"The pieces reflect the player's 'charisma', 'commanding ability', 'guiding
ability', 'right to be king', and move according to that—don't you think it's a
suitable game for deciding the king?"
"—tch."
Sora clicked his tongue—but there was no need to panic.
"...d2 pawn, d3."
Simply and calmly, Shiro continued to play, .
"Ara, is that okay, to be playing so leisurely?"
...However, provocations have no use against Shiro once she starts playing.
Also, there was the brother in reserve. Shiro's overwhelming concentration.
Can even destroy gods.
...And then. In reality.
Unfazed by Kurami's pieces continuously moving against the rules. Not even
falling into danger once, Shiro continued moving her pieces—
"...I see."
Fearing a certain thing, Sora.
If it was as Kurami said, and in this game the 'pieces with their own wills'
were the key, then— that fear was very soon brought to reality.
"Pawn 5, forward."
The commanded piece—.
Did not move.
"...Eh?"
For the first time since coming here, Shiro showed a confused expression.
Similarly, Steph and the audience had the same confusion.
"—As I thought, it's like that huh."
Clicking his tongue because his prediction came true, Sora. In other words.
The key to this chess game being that with charisma then the pieces will
move ignoring the rules—was wrong. 'That the pieces won't move without
enough charisma' was the real key. If the pieces were real [soldiers] then
first of all a strategy that could not be used normally— that was,
"We can't [sacrifice pieces], huh."
—For the sake of the war, happily giving up their lives, such soldiers
normally didn't exist. The thorough commands, orders—combined with the
madness that was the initial burst of morale had made this strategy possible
in the beginning. But now that 'sacrificing pieces' had been sealed—
"—"
Shiro bit her nails, and for the first time entered a long thought.
...That's right—the tactics available were mostly limited. However the
soldiers
of the lightly smiling Kurami were, without any disorder, continuing to
move...It was the first time they were pushing back against Shiro, who had an
advantage, but it didn't take long.
—The situation quickly worsened. With their morale diminished the pieces
started ignoring commands more often, and Shiro was growing increasingly
frustrated. The frustration of the commander transmitted to the soldiers,
making the situation even worse—...If this continues, then there was no
hope.
"..."
She probably realized it herself—that there was no longer any way for Shiro
to win.
However—it was enough.
Shiro held the match, which allowed Sora to observe.
With the eyes like a zombie, filled with self-scorn, no matter how you look at
it there was no sign of anything like charisma. The movement of Kurami's
pieces told him 120% of the real form of the cheating.
—Placing his hand on his sister's shoulder, Sora said.

"Shiro, let's switch."
"..."
His sister's downcast eyes were hidden by the long white hair. But, he could
tell that she probably hid a thin layer of tears.
—That was to be expected. 『 』 does not permit any losses. Especially
in chess—which his sister had not once lost in.
"...... Nii... So... rry."
"—What's wrong."
"......... I... lost...... so... rr... y."
Saying this, Shiro buried her face in her brother's chest. But, hugging that
head, Sora said.
"Huh? What are you saying, we haven't lost yet."
"......"
"—The two of us together are 『 』 —until I lose too, it doesn't count as
a loss."
Shiro looked up at Sora, who said this. The expression that he showed was
his usual arrogance—that it was impossible to lose, confidence.
"Also, this isn't chess—in this game, you have not beaten me even once."
"...eh...?"
"Well, just watch—this game is in my field of responsibility."
Sniff, sniff, then.
Rubbing the tears from his sister's eyes, covered by her bangs, Sora. He
couldn't tell her expression from her lowered head, but he could tell she was 
still down. The sister started getting up from the chair as urged—but Sora
stopped her.
"A crybaby, huh. A child that leaves in the middle of a match, and a naive
brother that thinks he can make a comeback at this point... it does seem like
the two of you have the qualifications to be King. That is, the qualifications to
be a joke of a king."
Ignoring those words by Kurami. Lifting the body of his sister off the ground,
Sora.
"...?"
Shiro's body stiffened due to suddenly being carried.
—Raising the overly light, even if she was only eleven, sister.
Reached the table and sat her on his knees, Sora.
"...?"
"Didn't I say, the two of us are 『 』. We are here. And, if I lose my calm
then please give me a hand."
To the speechless sister, Sora said.
With a smile, but with a bottomless eeriness, Sora spoke towards Kurami.
"Whew, what a pinch."—then.
"—Was that... said towards me?"
"In this cheating game that you got from the elves by selling this hole or
that hole, I'm gonna beat you, so you better start thinking about
apologies—the price for making my sister cry is high, you prostitute."
Kurami's face twitched, but he ignored that.
Facing towards the board, Sora. Taking a big breath of air—and then.
"TO ALL SOLDIERS!"
Including the sister sitting on his lap. Everyone in the hall covered their ears,
in a voice that shook the walls, he yelled.
"THOSE WHO EARN AN ACHIEVEMENT IN THIS BATTLE—
BY THE AUTHORITY OF THE KING, I GIVE YOU THE RIGHT
TO HAVE INTERCOURSE WITH THE GIRL YOU LIKE ONCE!"
——.
Suddenly, a silence like the bottom of the sea wrapped around the castle.
What the silence signified was—confusion, contempt, amazement. But, not
caring about this, Sora continued.
"Furthermore! All of you soldiers who fight on the front line, after this
battle is won you will be freed from further military service, and from
the responsibilities to pay tax for life! The country will guarantee you
veteran benefits! Therefore—don't you die a virgin! Also, those with
family or loved ones waiting—you must all return alive!"
Due to the exceedingly vulgar speech, once again the castle replied with
silence.
—However. From the chess board.
"UwooooOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHHhHHHH!!"
—A war cry resounded.
A strict contrast to what was going on inside the castle. But the speech had
not ended.
"To my army, to my men! Lend your ears to my words! This battle is ours—
Alkia's, mankind's! It's a battle to decide who rules this city, our last fort, and
thus one that decides the fate of mankind! Listen well! Open your eyes and
look, at the king of that country—"
Then, suddenly, at his opponent—Kurami, he pointed and yelled.
"Leaving it to this zombie-like idiot, this bitch lacking in intelligence, are
you really okay with that!"
"Wha—"
Then, ignoring the stunned Kurami, he grabbed his dejected sister's drooping
head.
Sweeping away her bangs, exposing her face. Peeking out from behind the
pure white, albino long hair was a skin white like snow. Also revealed were
her beautiful ruby-like eyes, filled with a redness that seemed to suck one
in —but they were dyed with sadness.
"If we achieve victory, then she will be the queen! That's right, think about
what happened back then! To guide us to victory she closed her heart and
commanded you, but each of you dismissed her as [ruthless] and caused her
to cry! I'll only ask once—"
"CAN YOU STILL CALL YOURSELVES MENNNNNNN!"
Then, immediately, he gave an order to a pawn.
"To the seventh pawn squadron! The enemy is invading our front lines! If
we just wait in this stalemate, then we'll be hit from the sides—[rush and
flank them!]—secure the initiative!"
Then, as if responding to that shout. The pawn moved forward 2 squares,
then continued and flanked the enemy pawn—destroying it.
"Wh—impossible!?"
Towards the bewildered Kurami, Sora spoke with a huge grin.
"Hmm? It's something that you've done too, is there something to be
surprised about?"
"—Grrr..."
But, the sister on Sora's lap muttered.
"...If this was a real battle... then with this the soldier should be tired... and
can't move for a while."
"Yeah, it's as you say, but—second cavalry team! Don't let go of the
opportunity that the seventh pawn squadron opened! No matter what
protect the 'heroes' that cut open the path!"
Then, without waiting for the opponent's turn, he continued.
"And then the king and queen over there! In other words you are the two of
us but hurry and move towards the front lines."
—At these commands that were impossible according to chess's rules, the
audience, and even Shiro, opened their eyes wide.
Well—in the first place.
"H, hey! What are you doing ignoring my turns—!"
—Kurami complained, but with a look like pitying a wild dog, Sora said.
"Huh? Are you an idiot? Is there anyone who waits for their opponent's turn
in a real war?"
In the first place, the pieces were moving. In other words, they were
processing the commands.
"If you're worried about your turn, then why don't you give commands
before I do, stupid♥"
If you have a problem then say it to the chessboard, is what he left it with. In
one breath, throwing out absurd arguments one after another like they
made sense, Sora. But—the reality is that the pieces moved. Which means
that there was nothing wrong with this. In that case—
"Guuuu—pawns, advance in order! Build a defense wall!!"
Urgently throwing out counter-commands, Kurami.
Immediately, Sora found a flaw.
"Hah! Look, their troops are hiding themselves behind walls, look at their
cowardly form!"
With an exaggerated wave of his hand, in perfect acting, he yelled.
"Leaving the soldiers to fight in the front lines and waiting in the back, what
kind of king, what kind of queen are you! The king and the queen—the rulers,
are the ones who should guide the citizens —To everyone we continue, the
proud knights, bishops,pawns, and rooks! Now is the time to work according
to your titles! Protect the infantry and 'prove yourself'!"
—Slandering the opponent's tactics, though underhanded, it raised morale.
Encouraged by the speech which would've been called [propaganda tactics]
in the real world, the pieces hurriedly moved. Then, once again towards
Kurami—and also towards the pieces that she led, he said.
"Hmpf—using the elves' magic to forcefully raise the morale of your own
troops—it could be said in a real battle that—this would be called
[brainwashing magic], huh?"
"—"
Kurami's expression distorted slightly.
If you think that wouldn't have been enough for him to realize he hit the
bull's-eye, then you'd be way underestimating the boy named Sora.
"I see, it would be hard to prove, and would bring a crushing advantage in
this game. Even if the opponent is an expert in chess, unable to predict the 
movement of the pieces, unable to even sacrifice pieces, they would fall into
disorder..."
He placed his hand on his sister's head.
"But, you made a big [miscalculation]."
Then, once again he resumed his speech in a loud voice.
"Since antiquity, there had never been cases where kings who commanded
their army tyrannically were referred to as great kings, because more than
anything people fight only for justice—and,there is only one absolute justice
in this world!"
Usually, the spiritless younger sister with eyes half closed. The continuation
of the situation where she suddenly opened her eyes. In that face—her eyes
snapped open, showing the face of a beautiful girl who would enchant
anyone who looked at her.
"You are in the presence of the queen! If you bastards are men then don't let
those eyes be filled with tears again!"
—As if in reply.
Once again from the board, a war cry that shook the table resounded.
"—That's right... [Cuteness], that is the only unchanging justice in this world."
Hugging the sister sitting on his lap, Sora boldly declared.
The only response came from the board, creating an amazing temperature
difference compared to the room—but he paid no attention to that. There
was no way that the residents of this world who knew no battles would
understand.
—The reason men risk their lives and fight, no matter which world it was
this didn't change.
That is, for their loved ones. For the honor in order to charm their loved
ones. To say it bluntly.
—It was for the sake of [eroticism]... there was no other way to say it...
"—Pawn number 5! Destroy the opponent's knight!"
The pawn that Kurami ordered attacked his army's knight—but.
Embracing his sister in one hand, he stood up from the chair, and while
swinging his arm Sora yelled!
"Oh honourable knight, trained by us and bestowed by the queen with the
title of knight, are you at the level of being defeated by a measly pawn! With
the name of the queen, as well as your title on the line, I will not allow you to
die
without permission! The enemy is just a single soldier, it can't do anything
but take your back. Turn around and retreat, maintain the line—break open
a path to survival with your sword and shield!"
As the pawn that should've been attacking captured the knight—
Right before that, instead, it broke apart.
""—Huuuuuuuuuuuuuuuh!?""
From Steph to Kurami, everyone in the castle let out a similar sound.
However, that sound did not reach him.
Really placing himself in the battle, Sora once again yelled.
"You have fought well, you have endured well, oh valiant knight! That is
what it truly means to be the sword of the people! —But, for now you should
rest that sword for a while and recover! The reward for your actions on the
battlefield today, I swear on my name to provide it to you!"
As he did so, the knight—a mere chess piece. Turned towards Sora—no...
towards the [king]. An action as if giving a bow—poof, disappearing from the
top of the board, moving to the side of the table.
—A situation which is impossible in chess, [simultaneous kill]. At a loss of
words, Kurami, and as if mocking her, Sora responded.
"Ha ha ha, you idiot. A chess that emulates a real battle? Against an opponent
like me who has never lost in Civilization or Daisenryaku, did you think you
could win in a simplified version like this game?"
That's right—this was not chess. This was a [strategy game]. A magic that
maintains the morale—that is indeed a rather advantageous magic. But
something like that was worth no more than something that maintains the
statuses of the social systems or the wonders of the world. Also—the
weaknesses of those systems, he was also familiar with.
In essence, that was the playing style that results from relying on those
effects
— If the opponent's playing style could be grasped—
It could not longer be called a match.
"Third pawn squadron! Seize the chance—take down the enemy bishop!"
Confidently, aiming straight for checkmate, Sora yelled out a command, and
the piece faithfully moved to follow it. But, just before reaching the bishop—
—The pawn was dyed black.
"""—Wha!?"""
The audience let out a shocked voice. But that had already become
something of a norm. But, for the first time—Sora had been part of that
group. Kurami could clearly tell from Sora's expression that the phenomenon
had been out of his expectations. Hehe... with a thin, dark smile, Kurami
spoke.
"Brainwashing—it can cause some pretty interesting results. With
brainwashing then it's definitely possible, something like this."
Forcibly turning the attacking piece black.
'Forced brainwashing' —
In other words, all of the attacks from this side were completely sealed.
...Shit.
——Shit. Shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit!
Without showing it on his face, Sora realized that he had made a fatal
mistake. He arbitrarily believed that the cheat the opponent had been
using was to 'maintain a crazed morale amongst the troops'.
—The mistake he had so arrogantly pointed out to Steph a few days ago had
come and bitten himself.
I failed—failed failed failed failed! What a grave blunder—! That is, when the
threat of losing approaches imminently, without caring whether the use of
magic becomes exposed—the possibility of risking a cheat that might have
been detected as abnormal in the face of loss—!
Why didn't I consider this—I'm such an idiot!
"—All units, retreat! The enemy is using brainwashing magic, do not
approach them!"
With Sora's overwhelming leadership, even the pieces that should not be
able to retreat started to retreat. However,
"Fufu, trying to be a war king? A king trying to be a rear guard, stop messing
around."
Seeing the tides change, Kurami barked an order against the [king]—in other
words, at [Sora].
The enemy queen approached.
"Behead the enemy king, my queen! Checkmate!"
"Brother..."
The hall grew noisy, even Shiro felt the danger, and raised her voice. But—
towards the approaching piece, Sora said.
"—Oh queen, please lower thy sword... for thou art—beautiful."
......
"""—Huh?"""
With the audience, Kurami, and even Shiro stunned, Sora passionately and
fervently started to coax the piece—the queen.
"Ahh, dear queen. Dost thou serveth that king of thy own will, or hast thee
other reasons—but prithee, listen to thy heart. Is that king one worthy of
thy service?"
Like a first-rate theatrician. With a sweet voice like the playboy of the
century, Sora unleased his beautifully woven words. It was as if he was a
handsome young king on the battlefield.
"Brainwashing the soldiers, the citizens, and using them as swords, as
tools— moreover, for he who made you stand up to everything yet remains
frightened within, is such a king worth swinging thy sword and flaunting thy
beauty for?! Oh dear beautiful queen, it is but cursed fate that brought us to
meet as this, as enemies. Prithee, lower your blade, and take a good look—
your people, those who should be protected—your king! Where are they
now!"
—Clang—.
A sound as if a sword dropping to the ground echoed.
—This time, the black queen became dyed in white. Not a single sound
could be heard any longer from the dumbfounded gallery. The only sounds
came from Kurami who was at a lost for words, and the slightly snickering
Sora.
"——Wha——"
"Kukuku, galge[21] are one of the few games where I'm better than my sister."
"—Y-you..."
Hearing Kurami grinding her teeth, the audience sighed, as if relieved. As
long as Sora could do the same thing as the enemy, the situation is back to a
draw —is what they probably thought.
—But that was not true. It was completely wrong. This was—no more than
something that could only be done because it had been Sora and the enemy
queen. But Kurami—though it could not be confirmed, but it seemed like she
could brainwash any piece. While sealing off his attacks completely—the
enemy could attack without holding back. The only thing that awaits
ahead— are the two words 'certain defeat'.
—What do I do. What do I do Sora, you 18 year old virgin—!
Sora tried with all his power to keep the composed smile on his face from
collapsing. His mind fiercely searched for a way to somehow overcome this
situation. Well—to be accurate, he had found a way.
There is—a way. It's a possibility... but will the opponent fall for it!?
—It was an all or nothing gamble. If it succeeded then for the moment he
could hang on. But if it failed—then his chance of victory would be 
completely crushed. Compared with the risk of the gamble, the merits are
only temporary—would it be a good choice? While the excessive secretion of
hormones in his brain even compressed time, Sora continued to think.
But this time, Shiro. She gently—enveloped her brother's face with those
two small hands.
"——Wh...?"
Suddenly feeling the warmth on his cheeks, his body trembled slightly.
However, Shiro looked Sora in the eyes, and in a small voice continued.
"...Nii, you said... calm down, when you're back, help."
"——"
"...The two of us are... 『 』..."
Ahh...
"—Yeah, you're right..."
"......Are you, okay?"
—Do you think it will work?
The brother's eyes silently asked, and the sister, slightly, but strongly,
...Nodded.
—Right, Shiro—this genius girl—his proud sister. Against an opponent who
moved without regards to the rules, using only pure chess moves she had
once held the upper hand. That could not be possible unless she could read
what the opponent—Kurami, will do. In psychological tactics, the brother
was largely superior to the sister—however.
Once again, Sora thought to himself.
—Don't forget. His sister—had even defeated God. That sister, from purely
evaluating the situation, had asserted that it will work. Then, what he must
do is believe in his sister, and with that as the premise, construct a strategy!
Then —Kurami, with her shoulders shaking.
"—Knight! Cut down the double-crossing queen!"
——She fell for it... The thoroughly rigged—trap. The commanded black
knight shook as if in inner conflict, and then—
It turned white.
"W-why... w-what did you do!?"
—This was it. This was the one and only way to survive. Something that
Kurami would not be able to stand if she was really fighting for humankind,
and her [reaction] towards that betrayal. Also that she was even now
thinking that we were also using some kind of cheat... That was—the outline
of the only remaining way to achieve victory. Ahh, to be expected of my
sister.
Conveying this by patting the sister's head, the sister closed her eyes in
comfort as if she were a cat. Then, as if it was all as planned, Sora spoke with
an indomitable smile.
"Oh King, oh foolish king. To have thy vassal to slay thy queen... what a cruel
command. Thou would doest well to calm down. Those shoulders shaking
with anger—they are not what the citizens should see."
"You—traitor...!"
Believing Sora to have sold out the humans and was using the assistance of
other countries to cheat, Kurami. On that face was not the zombie-like sense
of helplessness or sense of responsibility that had been there until now, it
was pure anger. In comparison, Sora's face was arrogant, fearless, and filled
with confidence.
...But who would have sensed it at that time.
That even right at this moment, Sora was the one who, heart pulsing with a
force as if it would break, was mobilizing all his thought power. Sora's brain
was still limited to the knowledge he gained through various quiz games
and
history games. Recreating battles to the limit of what he knew, and running
simulations.
—That's right, the situation hadn't turned for the better in the slightest.
This tactic was not something that could be repeatedly used. It was merely a
one time bluff to plant the seed of doubt in the opponent. It was a dangerous
tightrope where just another attack could cause everything to fail. In that
case —the only way is to win without fighting——
Win without fighting?
——
—And then.
In this situation that was equal to [certain defeat].
Sora finally saw a speck of light.
"—Shiro. I'll leave the command of the troops to you. Can you maneuver
them so they will not be brainwashed?"
"...No, problem."
Without asking for the reason, the sister saluted and took control of the
troops.
—This was, once more, an all or nothing gamble. However, this time it was a
gamble for a guaranteed win. There were only two ways to come out
victorious in this situation. As far as Sora's knowledge goes, the way to win
without fighting—which is.
"Oh dear queen—"
Leaving the sister in control, Sora started to talk to the now allied, ex-enemy
queen.
"I cannot bring myself to order thee—nor thy faithful, proud knights who
lowered their swords, to turn thy weapons towards thy own citizens—thy
brethren. This battle, this situation... that it is no longer but a meritless
brawl should be clear to anyone—thy king—is now but a crucible of
madness."
Then, Sora, within the span of the seconds hand making a full revolution.
Severalpersuasionthousand lines of words spun through his brain, and came
out as the gamble of the century.
"Thy citizens are thy citizens—the one to guide them in place of the [mad
king] can be no other than thee—are there any objections!"
Sora's speech. Its aim. Not one person in the castle, not even Kurami could
uncover it. Thus the castle replied with silence—just like the many times
that had happened up to now. Waiting for the something that would exceed
all expectations—they waited in silence. Then—finally, a result that was
probably the answer to those anticipations.
The originally black queen—but what is now a white queen.
—This time became dyed in red.
In addition, the black pieces in the front line mostly turned red.
"———Huuuuuh!?"
Kurami was the one and only person who screamed out. Probably, none of
the other audience members had been able to comprehend what just
happened. However, with the continuation of Sora's act—they were finally
able to grasp the situation.
"I commendeth thee for taking a stand, oh respectable and brave queen!
Righteous ones who overcame thy brainwashing to follow thy queen! I shant
telleth thee to cut down thy brethren! Furthermore, I doth not believe that
thy brethren wishes to cut thee! The ones who shall mark the end of the
tyrannous reign of the mad king who steals the freedom of his subjects
repeatedly through brainwashing, is none other than thee!"
That's right, this is.
Inciting a [revolution]—the advent of a third power.
"I doth not wish for bloodshed! Like what any would wish for—I wish for
peace! I wish for both sides to lay down their swords. I will not allow any
more blood to flow!"
Following the pronouncement, one by one, the number of red pieces by the
red queen's side increased.
—Though they might have no hesitation in cutting down their enemies.
But.
"—Y-you, it doesn't matter! Dispose of all traitors!"
Consumed by rage and still not understanding the situation, Kurami once
again—fell into a trap.
"You have made yet another mistake, oh foolish king. Since old, dealing with
revolutions through 'Military Oppression' is the worst possible strategy."
—Though they have no hesitation in cutting down their enemies. Even
under the effects of brainwashing magic—it is not easy to cut down a 
comrade-in-arms. As Sora spoke, the pieces that Kurami commanded turned
red one by one.
"—Wh... this... what happened, what kind of tricks did you pull!"
She who tried to protect mankind, going as far as to borrow the elves' power,
Kurami. That feeling, strengthened by the feelings from being betrayed, stole
her composure.
"... All units, support, the red queen... expand the perimeter... don't, let
anyone, die."
Following Sora's intentions, through precise orders, Shiro was able to even
mobilize the red pieces strategically. It wasn't anything spectacular. It was
just to use the pieces that Kurami's army would have a hard time attacking,
the red queen's forces, as a shield. To put it another way, she manipulated
the pieces in the red queen's forces to create a situation where attacks from
both sides would be ineffective.
—The result.
"To all soldiers, take the enemy king's head at all costs... you should all just
move according to my commands—cut down and dispose of all traitors."
Sora couldn't—Imanity couldn't feel anything. But, probably an even
stronger brainwashing magic had been cast. Eerily, silently, the black army
started its advance. Red pieces or white pieces. The aura exuding from the
marching pieces clearly showed that the black army would annihilate
everything, as those in the castle held their breath.
"...Brother, to block off... the path of retreat of a weakened enemy, ends like
this."
As a slight amount of cold sweat started to form, even the sister pointed and
said. However, Sora replied with a smile.
"I know—that's why I did it."
Crack—
Such a sound, without any reason, suddenly resounded.
The black king, in other words Kurami's king.
—Cracks started running across.
"—Eh—wh, what?"
The cracks spread across the black king. Towards the confused Kurami
staring stupefied, Sora answered disinterestedly.
"A tyrant that continues oppressing, ruling through fear, and brainwashing—
is a strange thing."
This was—[the second way] that Sora knew—of how to 'win without
fighting'.
"It's fine while he continues winning, but if ever he lost, no matter which
world it is, for some reason the end of that ruler, as if set in stone, is known."
...That is.
"Their end will be due to an assassination by someone close to them who is
not even a soldier."
—This was something that had been repeated many times in history, a
historical fact of Sora's world. In essence, let the brainwashing expand, make
them not care about appearance. After establishing the 'tyrant', force them
closer to defeat. As they begin to move as a 'mad king'—'self destruction'.
Then, the cracking black king crumbled. Everyone in the castle, Kurami
included, stared wordlessly.
"Sorry, but our world is not as nice a place as this world."
Winning, standing up from the chair, Sora and Shiro.
"—About wars or killing bouts, we're experts compared with you guys."
Then, a large sigh. Exchanging a light high-five with Shiro, Sora stared
towards the horizon. Towards their original world. As if looking far off into
the distance, he squinted his eyes.
"This stays only within a game. Ahh, it's a good world, this place..."
...So, he muttered.
Part 4
"How, how amazing....."
—An abnormal, overwhelming and wonderful victory.
The only person whispering in the midst of all that cheering in the castle, was
Steph.
Perhaps the audience that sent out all those cheers did not know the truth.
But Steph had understood it completely.
However, this does not mean that she could comprehend the tactics and
significant lines said by those two.
Because she herself did not know what their world was like.
But.
That person— Kurami, was backed by extremely powerful elves.
Just before the start of the duel, magic was incorporated into the game to
allow cheating.
And both of them directly challenged and defeated the opponent. Only she
understood this fact.
Which means— albeit indirectly,
Fighting against the world's largest kingdom, Avant Heim, would definitely
be
beaten down.
It means races that are driven by magic gained an insight, mere humans
could also achieve victory from their hands.
Historically, this had not even happened before.
So—
"........Are they really, humans?"
Fear— with fear slowly growing inside her heart, Steph whispered out.
In total contrast with the heated atmosphere of the city, the defeated
Kurami lowered her head while remaining silent.
Without even giving her a glance, the siblings gallantly left the table.
For this pair of siblings that was walking towards herself—
Steph momentarily forgot what she had to do.
—Because this can't be helped right?
Rightfully defeating the absolute enemy that manipulated magic, yet they
didn't even feel the joy of winning at all.
—"Defeat that doesn't exist for 『 』".........
Generally proving this statement, she stood in front of the two victors with
a completely natural look, wondering what she should say in the end.
However— completely unaware of the entanglement in Steph's heart, Sora
said with a frivolous tone.
"—Is this fine now?"
"..........Eh?"
"Your grandpa—the Late King being treated as a fool, this criticism would
not be left behind for the future generations, right?"
"—Ah....."
"If letting no other, but Imanity's strongest 『 』to become the king— he
will be known as a virtuous king."
".......This way, Elchea.........will not perish, great, is it not..........Steph?"
Although she felt troubled and confused by their words.
She once again recalled the reason for their actions.
But being able to get a satisfying result despite of all that had happened.
With tears trickling down from her eyes, Steph said it bluntly.

"Thank you.......really—I am really grateful....."
Mixing with the little whimpers she was making, the sound produced was
difficult to identify.
However, Shiro tiptoed, and gently caressed Steph's head.
At this point, the tears which could no longer be suppressed gushed out from
Stephanie Dora's eyes.
—At this time.
".......Ne"
A whisper which was inadvertently leaked out from Kurami's mouth, got
covered up by the loud cheering from the crowd.
But, these words were clearly heard by Sora, Shiro and Steph.
"Please tell me.........what kind of tricks did you guys use."
Coldly muttering, Kurami stared at Sora with sharp eyes, before continuing.
"Ah, you were indeed right. I did borrow the strength of the elves, the only
measure to ensure that humans survive. But this is completely destroyed
by you. Answer me, where did you spies come from? Don't you think about
saying that you are just mere humans that could defeat elven magic!"
In her eyes, Sora was tantamount to a despicable enemy who had abandoned
his own kind, before questioning him.
While watching Kurami with eyes full of hatred, Steph gasped— but for the
siblings,
"We were planing on saying that, and it's the truth."
".........What, problem?"
Because Sora was strolling towards Kurami, the heated cheers in the City
instantly died down.
"To be truthful, if you can prove what you say, that you were merely
borrowing the power of the elf for the sake of human kind, then I really
think that that's not a bad strategy, and it is not impossible to make me
abandon this game."
"Since it's like that—!"
"But, I can't stand your ideals."
Without the usage of any acting, Sora used contempting eyes to look down
on Kurami.
"Disregarding the words of [Using elven magic as a pedal], but if it was
interpreted as [Can't live normally without the shelter of elf-sama], it would
be so degrading that it would make people scoff."
"—Doesn't matter, history, and situation proved that this is the limit of
what the human species can do!"
Using a tone that implies that a trick was obviously used, yet having the
audacity to teach me a lesson was Kurami.
"That was just some limit that a guy left could achieve, but that is not our
limit...."
Sourly finishing the sentence, Sora revealed a smile.
"For humans, humans have their own way of doing things. And also— much
gratitude to you who was convinced that we were also cheating, which
allowed us to achieve victory."
Hearing that line, Kurami sucked in air, and recalled the battle that happened
just now.
Although her own attention was completely focused on how to expose their
cheat, but what if.......
What if, from the start, they didn't even use any cheat at all?
"That kind of thing..........is impossible.........mere humans— are unable to
confront magic..........:"
"You are free to think of that, which is your own limit."
Narrowing both of his eyes.
"No matter if the opponent is Elf—or God, defeat doesn't exist in 『
』's dictionary."
Saying that— as if trampling on her own self-esteem.
He grabbed hold of Kurami's chin, and ripped away the black veil covering
her face.
Looking at those eyes that stared straight, for the first time where anger was
present, Sora— said.
"Stop— underestimating humans!"
....Only these words.

The entire city fell silent.
Similar to being engraved in the heart, it kept echoing.
Similar to cutting off the strand of the『Most inferior species』.
Similar to a ray of light piercing through the perpetual darkness.
—Similar to the quiet hope of fire in everyone's heart that were ignited.
—Then, a sound leaked out from Kurami's mouth.
"Guu—"
".........Gu?"
"Guwahhahahhahahahahahahahhahhahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahaha
haha
—"
"Whoa! What's happening!?"
Suddenly, Kurami sat on the floor and burst into tears.
Facing against the problem where you are too scared to deal with it and
backing off was Sora— and sadly, censure could be not be added anymore.
"Whaaaaaaaaaaaaa idiot—stupid—! Just to
get..............
elf's strength
gugu,
obv-obviously without formalities, how much trouble to
conclude a
contract...
....
you guys, you guys ahhhhhhhhhh, I didn't
underestimate~~~~I
was being serious——Wuhaaaaa.............."
With bean-like tears rolling down and crying out loudly, Kurami's action
dumbfounded everyone in the hall.
In the end, was this the reaction caused by someone who shouldered a heavy
load for liberation, or was this the character she had all along—
But, it was common for difficult children to cry in that world.
"......... Nii....... made a girl........ cry...... "
"Eh, wait, this is my fault!?"
"Wuhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa..... idiot....... stupid.....go die......... "
In the scene where the audience were celebrating happily for the victory.
But now, they only watched from afar the soft cursings and whimpering of
Kurami—
Chapter 4 - Grandmaster/The King
Part 1
While crying, Kurami kept scolding out idiot and stupid.
'I will never admit it! I will absolutely expose you all—!'
Even up till the end when Kurami left, she kept kicking up a fuss.
"Aiyah aiyah.........what is the meaning of a human evaluating another human
eh........."
After Sora said these troubled words, the city was once again filled with
applause.
—Very fastidious about this victory.
Without any doubts, this victory had clearly showed that mankind still had a
sliver of chance.
With the hall completely bundled with the deafening cheers, an old official
walked towards Sora, holding onto a crown.
"Then, Sora-sama is it?"
"Yup."
"So you will be the one to ascend to the throne as the new king of Elchea,
right?"
"Can't do."
Hugging his little sister, he said while laughing.
"The two of us are 『 』— so the king belongs to us."
These were also the words he said during the chess duel.
With those words, the audience started an even higher-pitched applause—
for congratulating the new king and queen.
—However.
"—It's a pity, but that can't be done."
"—Eh?"
Hearing those words from the official, the cheers of the crowd halted.
"Ah? Eh, why?"
"The Ten Oaths stated that they can only elect a 『Sole representative』. So
two people cannot assume the post."
In the midst of the chattering hall, Sora and Shiro exchange glances.
Entering into a deep thought with a perturbed expression, Sora scratched his
head and furrowed his brow............ before saying.
"............ Ah, that, so be it, I'll be the one to be the representative, will that
work?"
".............Guu."
Gently releasing his little sister who was muttering, Sora faced the official.
"Then once again I'll announce—*cough cough*, from now, Sora-sama will
be the 255th generation king of Elchea— any objections please stand up,
otherwise remain silent—"
—But, unable to maintain that silence, someone raised up a hand and
interrupted the sentence.
"........Un."
A white-haired Shiro.
With her pair of ruby red eyes barely visible underneath her bangs, it was the
girl— who exactly said that,
"Eh? Shiro?"
".......I have, an objection."
"Gu, that, little sister, what are you doing?"
"........If, Nii, becomes king........Nii will build, harem."
"———————————Ah?"
Unable to believe what he had just heard, Sora could not help but ask, but
Shiro with an expression as if she was going to cry out said out.
".........That way........Shiro.........wouldn't be..........needed anymore."
Completely ignoring the stares from the stunned audience, Sora went into
a state of embarrassment he had never experienced before.
"Wait! Just, wait a moment, how is that possible! Aren't the both of us a team!
In the final conclusion, I'm just a king by name, I don't want Shiro to do this
kind of—"
"........ But, the King is...... Nii......... Shiro is just............... an accesory. If, if
there can only be one person.............. the one to do it—"
Wiping away the tears, light was no longer reflected from her eyes.
".....to be the King— is Shiro."
The little sister who always felt weak, had clearly emitted an aura as if
declaring for war.
Facing Shiro who was intently staring at Sora, while announcing out her
intentions—
"—Ah?"
Getting stared at, Sora changed his expression.
"Hey hey hey........My sister. It really is new for you to crack a joke, has the
sun finally risen up from the west?"
Although his frivolous actions and expression were the same as always.
There was definite hostility felt from his tone of voice.
"Let's see, a beautiful girl like you wanting to be the king of a collapsing
country. You are just too straightforward. You'll definitely get drawn in by
someone's sweet words— so if you want to be the King, your brother
absolutely forbades you from doing so!"
Although Sora opposed his little sister with words that can't be more hurtful
than that.
He worded it so that if interpreted correctly, it would be seen as though he
was spoiling his little sister, but his eyes were clearly not smiling.
".........No, won't, let Nii, become King— absolutely."
"—That's good. Nii also can't let you become the King, absolutely."
It was like a debate competition, where no one backs down.
Both of their interests intertwined and collided.
Even cracking the cheat by the Elves, and achieving the title of Imanity's
strongest Duo.
Their eyes belonged to neither a pair of loving siblings, nor the Duo player
called 『 』.
But opponents of a long history, constantly depending on each other's vigor,
with occasional sparks flying out upon collision with their eyesight.
"Th-that.....If that's the case, I will please invite both of you to have one final
battle, will this settle it all?"
Intervening between the two people probably took great courage.
Requiring confirmation, the official had to ask with an apologetic tone.
"Ah, that's fine."
"........No, problem."
An instantaneous answer coming out from both sides.
In a situation where their eyesight remains in contact, they issued out
their declaration of war.
"Little sister, I won't be lenient today oh. Today I will definitely make you
regret that."
".........Nii, should.......prepare yourself.........today, Shiro will, use her full
strength."
——………………
—Just like that.
Three days went past in a blink of an eye.
Continuously around the clock and after countless games, the central hall
was littered with various items.
The siblings were sprawled out on the floor.
"..........Ugh.....little bit more......you can admit defeat already."
"........Nii, is the one......hurry up and, give up."
The conditions for victory was two wins in a row, with that, the countless
number of games commenced.
And the outcome— It was currently at the 501th battle, with 158 wins, 158
losses and 184 draws.
—What was unfortunate, was that not just this place, even when the
siblings were in their 『Original World』.
『 』 which was regarded as an urban legend— nobody knew
their competition records.
But different from 『 』, which is attained when both their names
are combined.
It was the battles between these two people who loved games more than
anything else in the world.
And their record would be—
3526744 battles, 1170080 wins, 1170080 losses, 1186584 draws—
........So far, it had always been a stalemate between those two, no winner, no
loser.
Of course, everyone who weren't aware of this truth and were waiting for
the coronation ceremony to happen, had already gone home.
—Then gathered again, then went home again, a constant repetition, and
with
the passing date, the number of audience that came gradually reduced.
Those that worked tirelessly in the City fell asleep freely in the hall—and
barely maintaining their consciousness was Steph and the official who
started to see hallucinations after being awake for a long time.
The old official began to reveal strange smiles from time to time, before
switching back to his normal expression.
While Steph kept mouthing out "Ah, butterfly~", with an empty smile and
feebly trying to reach out for the emptiness.
—Then, what should the next game be.............Sora thought while in a state
of haziness for this problem.
However, a certain uncertainty flashed through his mind and he stopped his
action.
"—Fuu.............why must only one person hold the position of King?"
".....Eh?"
From this sentence, the Official and Steph snapped back into reality and
responded.
Blurting out those words, Sora retrieved his phone from his pocket.
Double confirming the 【Ten Oaths】 that he had recorded down, Sora
continued.
"【7】of the 『Ten Oaths』, All matters for group conflicts will be decided
by a
representative....."
What it means here is, the group—which is also the country or inter-ethnic
conflict should be carried out by the decided representative.
—Even so.
As if trying to repeatedly mull over, Sora carefully pondered about this.
Slowly rereading out the sentence once more. He tried to confirm if what he
thinks contradicts with the sentence.
Following that, he softly whispered.
"—It clearly did not state that it was only 『One person』 right?"
""""!!!!!""""
—Just like that.
The [Nightmarish three days] will forever be passed down, and the bards
who had been singing during the duration of the fight had finally come to a
stop.
However, because the song was too long.
It wasn't kept and had to be discarded....
Part 2
……—
".........Uhhh, is it really fine if you are dressed like this?"
"It's okay. Since ancient times, Kings that wore luxurious and gorgeous
clothings are often seen as concealing their inner superficiality, or for just
self-gratification to be seen as a corpulent person. A King is not just a
national role model, but also a goal for the citizens to achieve— so in order to
gain love and respect from the people, you'll have to fight for it yourself."
"............Such sophism.........."
"Un, but ultimately, because I'm wearing this outfit, it calms me down alot."
"Ah..........anyways, I understand. But regarding the publication for the news,
this kind of details will be carefully spruced up."
Capital of Elchea— In front of the King city's public square.
It was a spectacular view after emerging out of the castle's balcony, with a
public square broader than the Piazza San Marco in Venice.
Currently, the square was being buried by a countless number of people.
Tens of thousands— tens of thousands of humans were gathered here.
But the more terrifying thing was, even the road that extended out of the
public square was filled with people.
Just to listen to a speech from their new king.
Some expressed out the disappointment towards the foolish king of the
previous generation.
Some expressed out happiness as an array of hope for the escape from the
abyss of despair had appeared.
Some expressed out curiosity for the siblings who faced against Elven spies
and defeated magic.
With the whole of Imanity's attention focusing on the balcony of the castle—
Two figures came out from the castle.
A boy and a girl.
Wearing jeans and a T-shirt with [I ♥ humans] written on it.
With dark circles underneath his eyes, a black-haired youth.
Having white glossing hair with snow colored skin.
With a pair of jewel-like ruby eyes, a girl wearing sailor uniform.
The crown on their heads clearly highlights that they were respectively the
king and queen.
—Just only.
The youth had bended the tiara that was supposedly on the girl's head, and
was wearing it on his arm like an armband.
While the girl was wearing the crown meant for the youth on her
bundled front hair—
The actions that they both did when changing could make anyone easily
figure out what kind of screams Steph might have issued out.
As for their overly casual kind of get-up.
In front of the momentarily stunned audience, the youth— which was Sora,
began speaking.
"Ah—.....,un, un~ ugh, good morning everyone."
".........Nii, is being nervous. How rare."
"—Stop that. You know very well that we both have agoraphobia[22]. But it's
weird, usually I would be able to control it."
Shiro avoided the gaze from the crowd, and gently held onto the hand of her
brother.
"......."
She was silent, as if implying, "Then control it now".
It has always been the same from the past till now— even if its in the future,
it will still be the same.
"—Dearest citizens— no, every [Fellow human being] here!"
As if in reply to Shiro's silence, Sora dispelled his tense expression and loudly
exclaimed.
With his hands resting on the balcony that had voice amplifiers installed.
But the people could not help but think that there was no need for the voice
amplifiers due to his stern and loud voice that echoed everywhere.
"Our human kind..........being constrained by the 『Ten oaths』, forcing us to
have continuous failures due to the predicament of not having war, and
what remains now is this last city, this last country— and why is this
happening?"
Hearing this question that was abruptly asked, the crowd went into
uncertainty.
—Because of the missteps from the previous king— because we are unable
to use magic.
All their hearts contained different answers, as they wait for Sora's next
words.
"Was it because the previous king failed? Or was it because we are ranked
16th? Or was it because we are unable to wield magic? Or was it because
we are the most inferior race? Does this equates to us feebly walking to the
path of destruction!?— sorry but, all of them are wrong!"
With the strong resolution to deny it, everyone got startled.
Clenching his chest, Sora shouted with an even more resonant voice, letting
his emotions out.
"Previously, when the Old Deus started a war, deities, magical beings—the
elves, orcs and other species that were also involved, we fought valiantly,
and the result was that we survived! And in the past, all the land in this
continent was occupied by Imanity, so why?!"
Based on the history read in Steph's private stack room in the past few days.
Sora inquired.
"Is it because our race are experts in using violence?! Or is it because we
specialize in fighting!?"
One after another, the crowd started looking at each other.
"We are unlike the elves who can use a variety of magic, nor do we possess
strong physical ability like orcs, and we don't have longevity like the
Heavenly Winged— but even so, did we who dominate these lands have any
special abilities meant for war— definitely not!!"
Yes, this is the fact that everyone understands. But it is also questionable at
the same time.
—Then, why?
"The reason why we were able to fight and survive, was because we were
[Weak]!"
"No matter the era or the world, the strong will always grind their teeth
while the weak experience wisdom! So why would we reach to such an
impasse— because from the agreement of the 『Ten Oaths』, the strong no
longer grind
their teeth but experience the wisdom! No other reasons!"
"Our strength to survive comes from our patent schemes, strategies, tactics,
which are meant for the weak! But now it lies in the hands of the strong! Our
weapons forcefully taken away, and to fight against the strong with the
same weapons— caused this horrifying thing to happen!"
Being pointed out this situation that made people despair, the public
square went into silence.
The people struck by the answer felt despair, and were shrouded in
instability.
Surveying the crowd while sighing, Sora said.
"—Everyone, please don't lower your heads."
In contrast to his high vigor speech and the passionate waving of his fists
from before, Sora suddenly spoke with a calm voice.
"I'll repeat it one more time, we are weak. Yes, both today—and in the past
—"
Sora reverted back to his loud voice and shouted.
"—Yes.......It has never changed up till now!"
"If the strong imitate the weak by brandishing our weapons, they won't be
able to exert their abilities! If you want to ask why, it's simply because the
weaklings' weapons— were developed from their weakness when we had
reached a servile state!"
.........Sora added an answer just when everyone was feeling conflicted.
"Because of our weakness, we trained our eyes, ears and thinking,
『Learning』 how to survive, that's our trait as humans!"
.......After falling into hell for years, hope could finally be seen.
"The human species can't use magic, even perceiving it is impossible— but
because we are weak, we have the wisdom to run away from magic, and also
the intelligence to see through it! We don't have any extraordinary senses.
Simply because of being weak, from 『Learning』 and 『Experience』, we
gained the wisdom to achieve the unachievable, predicting the future!"
.......Only an optimist will sing optimistically.
.......Only a pessimist would speak about despair.
"I will reiterate for the third time! We are weak, and in no matter which
world, we will always savagely bite those complacent people who think
that they are the strong— until the 『Weak』 gain glory!"
........Because they were stuck in the depths of despair, there was not a ray of
light in the everlasting darkness.
"My little sister and I will declare, that we are the 255th generation, the
king and queen of Elchea."
..........Only the people who ignite the fire of hope can guide the public.
"Once again, I declare, the two of us will survive with the method of the
weak, fight with the method of the weak, slaughter the strong with the
method of the weak! Just like the past— it will still be the same even in the
present and the future!"
..........So that no one would leave their footprints as a guide.
"Admit it! We, are the weakest race!"
"History will repeat itself no matter what happens—we will be the ones to
bite the strong and nobody else!"
........Just like that.
"Rejoice! We are humans— we are the most talented people! Precisely
because we were born without any ability— we can achieve anything— this
is the will of the weakest race!"
.........a 『King』 was born.
Cheers— no, roars.
The public square, and even the skies started trembling.
An array of cries that sounded like both an angry roar and victory cheers.
And what were they expecting from the two people on the balcony?
Or perhaps— were they being cornered and were simply baring their
fangs and crying out?
In front of this scene, Sora and Shiro exchanged glances.
.........Nodding their heads.
Confirming that his little sister was smiling with glee after that nod, Sora
began his final moments of the speech.
Spreading open his arms, looking as pure as a curious child that was facing
against the boundless world.
But also exuding out the aura of a battle-hardened warrior with his usual
arrogance.
Sora—『Humanity's new hope』, said with an arrogant smile and a face
filled with naivety.
"—Come, let us begin the games!"
"Everyone must have had enough of the sufferings right. Starting to behave
servilely already right. Getting tired of tasting bitterness right.....................it's
enough already right? I've kept you waiting, fellow human beings."
Looking like he has the skies within his grasp, Sora pointed his hand to the
horizon.
Then— tightly clenched his fist.
"From this instant! We, Elchea— will issue a proclamation, declaring war on
countries all around the world!"
"The smoke has finally cleared! Our borders, better be honest and come
back to us!"

Part 3
Surrounded by the huge roars that could shake the heavens.
Leaving the balcony and heading towards the exit, Steph stopped them.
"Yo-yo—you! Wh-what did you just say— !?"
"Whoa~ why are you looking so flustered, you scared me."
"...........Steph, evil......"
Facing the frantic Steph who was screaming out in a rage, the siblings could
not help but wince under her unreasonable words.
But Steph did not give in.
"How can I be calm like this!? You have just finished the coronation
ceremony, and the municipal hasn't even finish handling Elchea as of now,
how are we going to have time to prepare for war against other countries!
Are you trying to destroy this place!?"
Hugging her head, Steph kept cursing that her idiocy actually made her
believe the words of the siblings.
But, maybe she was slowly getting used to it.
In order to get a glimpse of her adept movements, Sora sighed while saying.
"Ah..........I did say—that you should learn how to suspect people right?"
"—Hm?"
Steph suddenly stopped her movements, before gazing at Sora.
"Those elves— you still remember Avant Heim right? They used Kurami,
provided support for her to win this country, defeating humans without
positive means just because we can't use magic right?"
"—Wh-what does that mean?"
"Have you forgotten? We have already made them think that we are
『Humans that need to be supported by other countries』 oh. Or at least this
is what the guy who was supporting Kurami is likely to report, and other
countries might be thinking of the same thing too."
In accordance to her brother's words, Shiro supplemented the sentence.
"..........Whole world, will think..........that some country's spy, is
administrating Elchea."
Nodding his head in affirmation, Sora continued.
"But, they don't know which country is doing it. Don't know which country is
controlling the spy, don't know which country used Elchea as a puppet to
declare war to the world, they will definitely think of it like this—『Elchea is
being used as a puppet to launch an intention to be on the offensive』."
"—Ah!"
In this world, the challenged party has the right to decide the contents of the
game.
Which is to say, in total disregard of the extremely unfavorable conditions,
Elchea has taken the initiative to declare war on the world.
Moreover, taking into consideration that the spy sent from Elven Gard was
found out—
"A certain country or race has obtained a trump card to see through the elf
race, so they will certainly be more vigilant right?"
"......So to say."
"The world will plunge into darkness where everyone is being suspected."
".........Just for this reason, deliberately made a declaration of war."
"But not being able to do a thing, is how it is♪"
Facing against the siblings who smiled and uttered those words, Steph was
rendered speechless.
"Article 5 of the 『Ten Oaths』, the challenged party has the right to decide
the contents of the game. Those countries would start to get wary of us due
to that declaration......and also start mobilizing against the non-existent
country that is backing us. Taking advantage of the countries that are trying
to probe for our ins and outs, we will use this chance to find loopholes, then
slowly and continuously secure back our territories."
Looking at Sora who was smiling wickedly while turning his body, Steph
asked.
"Th-then............all those things about recapturing territories...........are just
lies?"
Feeling slightly regretful for this matter that even surprised Steph herself.
But what Sora said was.
"—Hey, Steph. I had a discussion with my little sister— about whether we
want to return back to our original world."
"—Eh?"
"We realized that this was a no-brainer question. The answer will definitely
be
『NO』— if we abandoned this world, what would we get when we
return back? Absolutely nothing."
"........Especially.........towards Shiro."
"That's how it is. So."
Slapping his hands together, Sora concluded.
"We are humans, and we are left with our sole country which is Elchea. So, in
order to prevent losing this place, becoming the king would be the first target
— but?"
Little sister and older brother. Looking at each other, they laughed
pleasantly.
"Hey, little sister."
".....Un."
"The enemy can use magic, can use super powers, but we can't. We have an
overwhelming disadvantage, and also an underwhelming handicap,
furthermore, we are left with one more territory, the situation currently
could be said to be desperate. But, in the name of 『 』, we will not
allow any failures— what do you think?"
Shiro, with her face devoid of any expression except for a little boyish smile,
replied.
".....The best—"
"That's right~♪"
Steph looked at the genuine otherworldly— siblings that were clearly
incomprehensible.
Specifically, this was indeed a very desperate situation, yet the words that
were blurted out were actually 『The best』?
Sora turned back to face Steph who was undoubtedly puzzled.
"Then, going back to the question just now, Steph."
"—Ye-yes?"
Suddenly being accosted while in a daze, Steph could not help but change the
tone of her voice.
"About recapturing the border. Frankly, that's a lie."
"—Eh?"
Sora spoke while taking out his phone.
Opening his schedule manager, he marked a tick under 『Becoming King』.
Entering into a new target. Which was—
"『Final goal』— in short, conquering this world☆"
"—What—!?"
Recapturing borders— skipping over this— the words Sora said suddenly
jumped to world domination.
After hearing his gargantuan goal, Steph leaked out her voice.
How long must she continue being shocked before he becomes satisfied.
Sora then started walking away, with Shiro closely behind.
Realizing that she was getting deserted, Steph immediately snapped back
into reality and paced up to them.
"Eh, th-that, is it re-re-really the truth!?"
"For 『空白』[23], anything other than first is unacceptable. No matter if it's
gambling for the country or what, as long as it is related to games, our
motives will always be to become 『the strongest』— this is our principle."
".........Un."
—Just when the development of things have reached this step.
Stephanie Dora realized that she was underestimating the siblings the
whole time.
Maybe.
Probably.
Really.
These two people—
—Are Imanity's 『Savior』?
Watching Sora whose figure was constantly receding away, a fierce reaction
came from her chest.
Her chest was being gripped tightly— except, the sense of disgust was
already long gone.
Restoring her grandfather's reputation.
Confronting and beating magic.
Saving her beloved country— Elchea.
Even going as far as to make a declaration to recapture territory.
Against the fading figure that made her believe that he could do it.
Any reasons to hate him.
For Stephanie Dora, she still hadn't found one yet.
Part 4
—Kingdom of Elchea, capital of Elchea, central region district 1.......
Which is, Elchea King City, the King's bedroom.
There was an extremely colossal bed that would make anyone wonder how
many people could fit into it placed in the center of the room.
Just a few days ago, he was still a NEET and useless— Sora(18-year-old
virgin).
"—From a cramped room, to a shabby Inn, before going to Steph's mansion,
and now, the King's bedroom— is that so."
Sora was holding onto a book while reminiscing about the past.
Basking in the darkness of the night, the name of the book that was dimly lit
by the moonlight was titled— 《The Ecology of the Sixteen Races》.
Staying on a particular page on the book, Sora was immersed in a deep
thought.
The Flügel
"—The Heavenly Winged.......eh. I feel that those guys will really be pulled
into the same front ah........"
The Flügel
What was written on the book— The Heavenly Winged.
In the last war, they were created to be the vanguard for the gods, a race
capable of fighting in the air.
After the 『Ten Oaths』 were forged, their ability to fight was sealed up,
however, utilizing their longevity and the fact that they had a high degree of
adaptability for magic, with the floating species Phantasma— 『Avend
Haze』 backing them up, they created a genuine sky city, using that as their
sole territory, and never competed in any gambling for the country.
But, perhaps it was due to their longevity, that they have a strong thirst for
knowledge, so in order to collect 『Intel』 from every other race— they
participated in the games to try and obtain other country's books.
"I feel that I can grasp a lot about knowledge regarding magic, furthermore, I
can use my 『Exclusive knowledge from another world』 as a bait."
If any contact was to be made with this race, the necessary preparations of
forming strategies to counter magic was definitely needed—
—Tok, Tok.
When he was thinking about these problems, a polite knock came from the
door.
Feeling like it was a déjà vu situation from a few days ago, Sora replied.
"I'm in, who is it?"
"It's Stephanie Dora.......can I come in?"
"—Ah? Please do."
Facing Steph who was slowly opening the King's set of heavy doors leading
to the bedroom, Sora said.
"I say, what is with that tone and attitude. It will be fine even if you
casually come in right."
"No.........that, if I think about it calmly, Sora— your majesty is now the king
of Elchea—"
"Argh— how uncomfortable!"
Sora loudly cut off Steph's words.
"Too uncomfortable, and also troublesome! It will be fine if it was like
always, okay, so what happened?"
In Elchea where electricity has yet to be discovered.
The things that were illuminating the bedroom were only the dimly-lit
candles on the chandelier, and also the faint moonlight.
"That— Sora......"
"Hmm?"
"In order to make me dedicate myself to you, you asked me to have a 『Crush
on you』 at that time, right."
"Eh— ah~....."
"Since Sora is currently the king of Elchea— I'm already, that........"
At that moment, the clouds suddenly dispersed and the moon brightened up.
What was further revealed was Steph's face.
—The expression on her face was, anxiousness.
"You.....are going to say that you don't think you have any more use, so you
want to request me to lift the【 Oath】, right?"
"N-not-not that meaning."
—Even if he possessed a super-class level in games, in the end, he was still
an eighteen year old virgin.
For him to make a judgment completely miles away, Steph quickly made
amendments.
"I-I hope— you could..........tell me. Wh-why, that, your request, wasn't like
what your sister had said—『Become my property』, but have a 『Crush on
me』 ......"
"...... That..... "
That was surely an attempt.
It could be described as a vulgar desire from deep within Sora's heart, but it
was also a mistake at the same time.
When Sora was thinking about whether he should honestly say these reasons
out.
An unexpected question suddenly surfaced in himself.
"That— asking me to fall in love with you......... that, for me, you had those
feelings, right?"
....... Eh?
"I-If that was really the truth........... then, the only thing I— can sacrifice,
is......"
Then, she slowly walked towards the bed, carrying an uneasy expression
flushed with embarrassment.
Her skirt— she slowly raised it up, before saying something as if she was
pleading.
"I'm only left with this, nothing more—"
—Wait a moment.
—Wait a moment, eighteen-year-old virgin Sora.
Now, you have just faced an unmistakably inescapable question.
It was like that...........from an objective point of view, Steph was indeed
considered as a high-standard beauty.
If liked by such a beautiful girl, naturally all the boys will harbor these kinds
of thoughts.
However— forcing her to have a crush on him, why is that so?
—Love at first sight?
No, this is not accurate enough.
Although he tried to ask himself, that if he told Steph it was because he had
feelings of love—
No— in the end.
(Eh—? Feelings of love, what kind of feeling is it in the first place?)
—At this time, Sora had reached the limit of what you would call an
unpopular man.
".....That...........is, this......"
'Kacha!'
A sound, followed by a flash.
Quietly sticking her head out from the opposite side of the bed— was Shiro
who was wielding onto a cellphone.
"Yahaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"
Realizing that Shiro was in the same room, Steph panicked and immediately
put down her skirt.
—But, it was natural that she should have noticed this matter.
As long as she thought of the things back in the Inn— she would know that
Sora could never be alone.
"........ Represent, Nii who is troubled........... by his virginity.......... Shiro will
explain."
"Shiro-san........ to be told off like this when you are just an eleven-year-old
little sister, you surely are giving your brother a hard blow."
But ignoring the protesting sentence from her older brother, Shiro showed
the picture that she had taken just now.
Which was the self-upskirting shot that Steph did.
"....This."
"—Eh?"
".....The reason why Nii, made Steph, to fall in love."
Facing Steph who did not understand— as well as Sora.
As if wanting to make both of them understand in one fell swoop, Shiro
succinctly described.
"........ Nii, misses something, from........
our...
... original world."
"........ This world, inside— doesn't have...... 『Dessert』."
""————Huh?""
Both Steph and Sora simultaneously shouted out in surprise.
But only, they interpreted it differently.
Sora straightforwardly protested against this accusation.
And Steph—
"Dessert......? What, does it refers to?"
Innocently gave a simple question. Playing with her phone, Shiro answered.
".....
.. Masturbation, time.........
imagine
things......... with photos and
videos......... all are included. During masturbation, usage of all those
stuffs.............. are known as—『Dessert』.....
"
"... Mastur........ bate?"
With Steph still clueless about what was going on, Shiro with her deadpan,
Firmly held onto— and began moving it up and down.
"———Wh———"
Hearing a 'bang' sound in her mind, Steph's face flushed red, before she
approached Shiro.
Opening the file in her phone, Shiro showed it to Steph.
—What was playing on the phone, was the scene where both Shiro and
Steph were in the bath, with Steph washing Shiro's hair.
"........This is.............the Steph...........『raison d'etre』."
Steph's face turned pale at first, before she lowered her head and deeply
shook.
—Which means, anyone could be in it, right.
——Purely for sex, he requested it, right.
———Furthermore, even his sister is naked too, that, that kind of thing,
right!?
"Sha—Shameless"
Screaming loudly, Steph dashed out of the room— Sora could only watch
her leave innocently.
Thereafter, Shiro returned back to her previous position with an attitude as
if that didn't happen and asked.
"—I say, I have never thought of something that disgusting to that extent
oh?"
".......... But, to interpret...... "
"That's just a super wrong interpretation right........... and just now that, wasn't
it the video inside the bath? Didn't you say that you wouldn't let me watch
that even when 『it came out』— unless, you are deliberately trying to make
Steph hate me right?"
".....Shiro, eleven-years-old........... don't know, too complicated things."
"Only at this inappropriate time then you would behave like a child...... "
"........The picture just now, don't want it......?"
"Ah, sorry director. I want it."
—But.
In reality— what's the difference between love and sex?
To Sora, this was just a philosophical reflection if he were to immerse himself
into it.
In a voice where he could not hear, Shiro— the little sister who has no blood
relations with Sora, muttered.
"........Seven years, more......."
—Although there was a saying that girls are more precocious than boys in
terms of maturity.
But........at least for the situation as of now, this is the unshakable truth.
——…………
"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh really, ah——this is enough ———!"
On the other hand, Steph angrily stomped through the hallway.
For her to be simply used as a material for masturbation— which is not so.
She felt that she had hurt herself after hearing that, roaring angrily.
"AHhhhhhhhhhhh really, these feelings are all an illusion, it's because of
the Oaths' fault— this is just a curse!"
—However, Steph didn't notice such things.
"That monkey! Lolicon! How can I like him! This is all the Oaths' fault!"
—Letting Sora 『Release the Oaths』—Which is to say.
Proposing another game to be held, and force him to say 『Don't have a
crush on me』.
This solution was completely ignored, or she had completely forgotten
this fact.
Or is there a significance behind it—.
Epilogue
Part 1
Audience Hall, King City. Elchea.
Currently, there were two people sitting on the throne, immersed in a DSP[24]
game.
A youth with black hair, wearing a T-shirt with 『I♥Humans』 on it and
jeans, as well as a bent tiara on his arm.
A girl with skin and hair as white as snow, wearing a sailor uniform, and
crimson-colored eyes, as well as a crown that was worn on her bundled front
hair.
To tell you the truth— they are the king of this kingdom—Sora, and the
Queen— Shiro.
"So, if you are going to play in that method, make sure you don't fall into the
traps."
"...........Prioritized, efficiency."
"If you want to pursue efficiency, then doesn't using that method serve no
purpose at all? Just go all out, go all out!"
"........... Simply, a waste of time, not, interesting at all."
"I guess that's about it for this one then............. shall we play some other
games?"
Even though the two of them had brought a huge number of games to this
world.
They had already played all of them.
Which is to say, it's really doubtful if they can pass the time playing those
games.
But there was a justified reason why the siblings were bored. That's because
—
"I-I'm done with changing......"
Hearing that voice, both of them sent their DSPs into sleep mode without a
slight hesitation and took out their phones.
Accompanying the voice was the figure of a red-haired girl with the qualities
of a beauty— but only.
What she was wearing was over the top— yet not too much under these
circumstances, a extremely revealing maid outfit.
Stephanie Dora............lineage of the previous King, formerly a member of
royalty— and now.
Looking at Steph, whose face was flushed, Sora said-
"Hmm? So this degree of exposure will make you blush, eh?"
".........Didn't, let her... wear underwear."
"Co-could you please not specifically say it out loud!?"
Steph shouted out.
—Yes. Both kings were currently fumbling over the boundaries of 18 and
above.
Simply hearing 『That way, Nii, will be happy』, Steph knew that she would
be unable to defy Shiro's words.
Similar to the efforts of love— no, it should be more correct to say that she
had already become a toy for them to play with.
She could not help but masochistically look up the ceiling.
"Ah, she really looks like a 2D character."

"....Un.....but, still not enough."
"Yes, director. After all, she isn't as quiet as real 2D characters, so it definitely
won't give one the utmost satisfaction."
".......Let her, strip?"
"Hmm— Steph. Can you undo your outfit more, but make sure that we can't
see your nipples and private parts?"
"Please don't say private parts, ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
".......Then, a flash."
"NO. Because she is not wearing any, It'll instantly be a no go, director."
"....... Never mind....... how about, to cover up— sticking on a band-aid?"
"Hmm..
.......... Hmm...... no, wait....... eh? But I think it'll still be counted as a
no go?"
".......... Then, is a tiny swimsuit.......... also a no go?"
"—In-indeed. But director, won't sticking band-aids on the naked body
work?"
"......Gu........all ages, difficult."
——Leaning on the throne, Sora quietly muttered.
"But I think no matter how much we let her wear a costume that is barely OK
for filming, if the fact stands that there will be no chances for me to fap, then
isn't it useless to pile up videos......"
Shiro, who keenly heard those words, replied.
"........ Shiro..........
doesn't mind, feel free."
"Your brother isn't an exhibitionist, okay?"
"...... Shiro, won't see....... it's okay........ at home, it's the same."
"Un? No, wait wait wait, but I only do it when you are asleep."
".........Even slight movements......Shiro will wake up."
"You— were awake the whole time!?"
Sora covered his reddened and ashamed face with both his hands.
"No way— I can't get married anymore—!"
".......Shiro will marry you, no problem."
Shiro gently patted him on the shoulder as encouragement.
"I say—!"
"If you say that you can't get married anymore, what should I, who was
requested to wear such costumes, do!"
Steph, whose shoulders were trembling, shouted out before she intolerably
continued her words.
"It's better to say- how could you throw the whole task of arranging the
coronation formalities to me alone, then suddenly calling me out for this
thing after three continuous nights of working! Are you really noble?!"
"..........Shiro, is king........the king.....noble."
Shiro gave a decent piece of advice, while Sora nonchalantly continued.
"If it's all-nighters for three days, we're also the same. Even if we continued
for another two days, it'll be easy."
"Doesn't your case only apply to games!?"
"Yep, games. In this world, that's a king's job."
"Guu......"
Yes— games decided everything— even borders were also decided using
this method.
It was necessary to be the best of the best in games to be a king, but it could
also be an exercise.
"Oh yeah, if playing games here is considered a good job, this really is
paradise, eh."
Facing Sora who looked like he had found an ideal home, Steph cried out.
"This is totally not a good job! You'd better settle the internal affairs first!'
"Then........is the coronation job finished yet?"
"Yes, just before I was summoned here."
"That was really long. After all the civilization games I've played, it will be a
piece of cake to deal with the internal affairs."
Concluding his sentence, Sora moved Shiro aside and stood up from the
throne.
"Then— could you gather all the ministers here?"
Part 2
When all the ministers were gathered at the parliament building.
Sora and Shiro went onto the stage—
But they interrupted all the reports and began speaking first.
"I have something to say."
With everyone's attention directed on his face, Sora— humanity's king
started giving out orders.
"Everyone should know by now, that <Imanity> is currently at an impasse.
We can be on the offensive, but we can't guard against attacks from the
inside. So to cut off all worries here— we will proceed with Jan-Ken."
He spread open his hands and raised it above his head.
Facing the ministers that were entirely focused on him, Sora bellowed.
"With [From now on, all false reports are strictly prohibited, as well as the
act
of arbitrarily conveying false information] as the wager.........Swear upon the
【Ten Oaths】 that you will deliberately lose to me."
With the [Absolute compliance] rules in the Oaths, winning a game
without lifting a finger could be used.
—Wearing an expression that clearly depicted curiosity on why this wasn't
thought out by the previous kings, Sora said.
"Then everyone, with the responsibility of humanity's fate resting on our
shoulders, let's have a game of rock, paper, scissors— I will use scissors.
Everyone else, please use paper to prove your loyalty to me. Additionally,
those that underestimate the observation and memory skills of us siblings,
you don't have to take part in this false match and can refuse this contract.
However, I'd advise you to use this opportunity to leave."
—To those who decided from the start to lose and be in compliance with the
Oaths, Sora raised his hand—
"【Acciente】"
"""—【Acciente】!"""
Using these conditions, rock, paper, scissors began.
Just like that— conditions were exchanged between both parties.
".........Then, firstly, the agriculture minister— report."
"Yes— our country's food supplies are currently facing a profound question."
Continuing onwards, the agriculture's morphology, management method,
the distribution of taxes, etc.
Listening to all of this, Sora gently nodded his head.
"I understand........then please carry out what I am going to tell you next."
"......Yes."
"Regarding agriculture— I will introduce a rotation for the agriculture."
"—Yes, what does that mean?"
"In every ranch, start with winter wheat, then turnips, beets and root
related crops, then Summer barley and rye, then alfalfa and other crops that
can restore fertility. In sequence, farm them in a cycle."
Smoothly, as if it was natural for him.
Facing an opinion that would clearly make anyone doubt their own ears,
everyone could only be astonished.
Furthermore—
"With regards to that, disperse the workforce and make them concentrate on
a specific area, the most important two points. Although this would lead to
some small farmers becoming unemployed, the amount of food production
would increase by four times or more. So put this as the highest priority."
Even the ensuing results had been pointed out.
"Bu-budget, how to allocate it?"
"Command the bank to use the national debt to purchase in large bulks—
however, this matter should be left for the economy minister."
"— O-obeyed."
"Following that, there will be a need to deal with the problem of
unemployment resulting from this policy. Economy minster, and Industry
minister, please report—"
—….....
After that, the King gave out orders one after another, totally reforming the
system.
In a span of four hours, the meeting finally ended.
The ministers would discuss that Sora was probably 『Humanity's greatest
king』 in private.
........Swinging his tablet PC with one hand, Sora said.
"Ahhhhh— I feel like an idiot, but it was the right choice to download that ebook
about games which was loaded with all those specialized books."
The tablet PC— contained more than forty thousand books.
Besides mathematics, chemistry, astronomy, physics and engineering, there
were also medicine, history and even tactical books.
Even information given only to teachers were all extracted and saved—
which
is to say, all the knowledge human beings possessed in the twenty-first
century were mounted inside.
"..........Nii, sure enough, as titled..............that is, cheating."
Pointed out by Shiro with squinted eyes, Sora frowned before replying.
"In this world where magic exists and is an official method to cheat, does
passing on some technical skills from another world really count as
cheating? And also, stability and internal affairs are always a priority."
.......Even so, introducing advanced technical skills of the future might lead to
an unexpected outside influence.
Honestly, although the thought of introducing [Electrical engineering] was
very tempting.
"At least we will be able to make a camera and microphone, which would
slightly be able to confront magic."
There was no certainty as to what the two cell phones which were unable to
receive signals could do.
The Flügel
Sure enough, the method to communicate with the The Heavenly Winged
still needed to be found—
—Suddenly, still dressed in the maid outfit which was full of exposure, Steph
quietly walked into the meeting room.
That was— the outfit that Shiro and Sora requested for her to wear.
"......Sora— No. You-your majesty......you have a guest."
"—You, actually tended to a guest in that outfit? How brave."
"........Steph, powerful."
"You should've just said it clearly that I could change! Guahhhh!"
Because of Steph's cries, Sora waved his hands while plugging his ears.
"Ah— okay okay, sorry, you should go and change now. Really, this will
definitely question the morality of this country."
"What really needs to be questioned is the things stored in your brain!"
However, not waiting for Steph to take charge, a big sound echoed in the
meeting room.
"Ahahahahahahaha, looks like something interesting is brewing."
Sora and Shiro, Steph, as well as the ministers turned to face the voice.
'Kata, kata'— walking in, was a teenager.
That familiar face, had previously left an impression on Sora and Shiro.
It was definitely him.
During that time— when hands stretched through the computer screen—
pulling both of them into this world—
"........Yo, isn't this that self-proclaimed Kami-sama[25]. How's it going?"
"How cruel. That is not a self proclamation, but a true and genuine Kamisama."
Scratching his head with a smile, the teenager said.
"Speaking of which, I haven't introduce myself yet right—"
"—『TET』........at your service. Pleased to meet you, 『 』-san."
All of a sudden—
When the name of that teenager was spoken, the whole atmosphere
underwent a change.
Or perhaps this was the influence power that the name of Kami possessed.
Aside from Sora and Shiro, everyone else felt goosebumps and a huge
amount of sweat flowed out.
The ministers were paled-face, and Steph was trembling as if she was going
to collapse any second.
But, to them, they didn't mind it nor get affected by it at all.
"So how is it, my world. Satisfied with it?"
"Ah, of course, you really have good taste. A doctrine that our world should
follow to."
"....Yeap."
For Sora and Shiro who were joking around.
Everyone was experiencing a feeling similar to their heart being clenched.
—What stood in front of them was the sole Kami—『TET』.
An authoritative figure who could destroy and re-create the world as he
liked.
But, the Kami-sama that they knew was putting on a smile and laughing.
"That would certainly be better than before. Okay.......it appears that
Humanity's crisis has been resolved eh."
"That's right, just like you had hoped."
A surprised expression was on everyone's faces.
"Coincidentally in the city near your home, coincidentally in Humanity's last
country, coincidentally hosting the King's election game.........these kinds of
things, I hope you won't say something like [It's just pure coincidence] right."
Facing the bold words coming from Sora, Kami laughed comfortably.
"Ahahah........But please do not misunderstand. I am basically a spectator,
never helping a particular race— but then, only this once, I let my personal
feelings go wild."
The teenager— or Kami, looking somewhat disgruntled, kicked the floor in
boredom, before saying.
"Remember what I said........that phrase— [A world where everything is
decided by games]."
—As if realising something, Sora learned the meaning behind these words
and replied.
".......I see. Even the throne of Kami, is also decided by games right?"
"——Wha——"
—Aside from an admirable look from Shiro, everyone else was
dumbfounded.
After that the sole Kami— TET, let out a pleasant smile and said.
"Correct♪Exceed For this motive, I deliberately stated that there were the
【16 races】."
In an instant— the puzzles inside Sora's mind pieced together.
16 races— on the other side of the horizontal chessboard— Kami was said
to live there.
Each side of the chess that has chess pieces— numbered 16. Which means.
"........Subduing every single race, would entitle a right— a right
to『Challenge Kami』right?"
Happily smiling, TET replied.
"Your thinking speed really is worthy of being praised. An adaptability
that someone from a different world cannot possibly have."
"That really is a generous compliment♪"
"It is just as you said. It's rare for me to deliberately bet up『The throne of
Kami』for an outcome, but I've already spent a few thousand years of
boredom till it could no longer be boring anymore. So, while wandering in a
different world, I heard the rumours of 『 』."
Feeling both elated and excited, Kami said so while looking at the siblings.
"A legend of being the top in every game, the urban legend about these
gamers."
Against Kami who was smiling while exclaiming out, Sora arrogantly said
with an unyielding expression.
"I say Kami-sama, can I laugh?"
"Hmm?"
"After knowing about our situation, you summoned us into this world.
Doesn't
that imply that— you were familiar with the principle behind 『 』—
about us being [the top in every game]?"
"Un, of course."
Still holding onto that fearless smile, Kami replied.
"Because of this. I believe— that you will definitely earn the right to
challenge me."
Everyone who heard that were stunned into position.
These words— means that it went beyond the world's largest country— the
elves that were ranked 7th.
Or maybe it even pointed swords at the ranked one and ranked two,
<OldDeus> and <Fantasma> respectively.
Exceed
Which is— the meaning of dominating all of 【16 races】.
This wasn't something that was going to stop even after the whole world
was conquered—
"........Hey, Kami-sama, can I ask again. If I could laugh?"
"You, haven't forgotten that you lost to us once right?"
—This time, everyone could not help but wonder if they heard wrongly.
——Kami, lost?
———lost to someone standing here, a simple human?
However, TET only smiled gently.
"Hehe, although you should've understood by now, I will still emphasise it,
the [Games] here are different from your world's internet chess oh? Indeed, I 
did lose to you siblings in『Ordinary chess』— and because of that, I
summoned you both here. But.........I won't lose the next time oh?"
At this time, Sora and Shiro, understood something.
Exchanging glances with each other, they smiled.
"—Kami-sama."
However, Kami-sama— kindly responded to them.
"It's alright if you call me TET. Is there anything wrong?"
"About that, TET— you, haven't lost before right?"
Just these words.
The fearless smile on TET's face changed.
"Playing as a Kami— this is his first defeat. He would then feel an
incomparable remorse, remorseful until it became unbearable. That's why
you
summoned us here— to win under the [Rules of this side]. Am I right?"
"Hehe.......interesting. Why would you think so?"
With his smile still unshaken, TET asked.
"Because that feeling, we ourselves understand it as well. 『 』has
never failed before— however, we experienced numerous failures when
facing against each other."
".......But, definitely not allowed, running after winning."
"In the end, my genius little sister and I know that feeling."
".......Nii, full of sneaky measures........more and more, terrible."
"Oi, don't you say that I'm full of sneaky measures. Tricks are also a part of
the game now."
".....Cheater, how despicable."
"It's not a problem if no one found out! Isn't this side of the world the same
as well!?"
Gazing at the siblings' battle.
And feeling calmness in his heart, TET laughed so loudly that everyone aside
from the siblings shrunk.
"Ahahahahaha. Un, it was indeed the right choice to summon you here. Yeap,
definitely no running after winning. Next time will be my win— it was also
one of the reasons why I called you here oh. Disappointed?"
"Why? Rather than say out a more noble reason like saving Humanity, you
make us feel more at ease eh. So, did Kami-sama leisurely come here just to
deliberately say those words?"
"Nope, I came to express my gratitude."
"You both— Although <Imanity> was just a side-effect, you still defeated
Elven Gard, and let the world fall into suspicion in accordance with your plan.
The Eastern United Front are extremely concerned with the [Phone] that you
displayed out, thinking so hard about which country could have developed
that until they couldn't sleep. What are your thoughts? Similarly, Avand Haze
is also deeply interested and curious about the technology that defeated
Elven Gard. And as for Elven Gard, they are buzzing with activity thinking
about where the technology that defeated them came from. If they found out
that they were not defeated by cheats but rather face-to-face— haha, they
will definitely catch you and examine you closely."
For TET who kindly provided some intelligence, Sora asked in a somewhat
surprised tone.
"Didn't you say, that you won't help any particular race?"
"Un, so take this as a thank-you gift. Bringing back enthusiasm to such a
boring world, I provided you such information for thanks. Because this is
the first time, this will also be the last, so please utilize this meaningfully
oh."
"Then, If I continue to stay here, everyone else won't be able to calm down,
so this is where I depart. BYEBYE♪"
Concluding his sentence, TET smiled and turned around, walking out.
Hearing these words from Kami who was about to leave, Sora and Shiro
shouted out.
"Oi, TET!"
"Hmm?"
"Thank you for giving us new life. Indeed— this is the world where we
should belong."
".....Thank you, Kami-sama."
Then, the three of them said in unison.
"""........In the upcoming future— let us meet on the board."""
—Just like that, TET disappeared as if dissolving into the air.
This act allowed everyone else to breath again, feeling completely relieved
that it ended.
—I wonder if this legend was heard?
"Fuu..... what an interesting Kami eh."
"...... wanted, to play game.....with him."
—In all games, a champion player had set unbroken records.
—Suddenly, that mysterious gamer disappeared, losing all contact. —
For the [Urban Legend]— it eventually became a [Myth].
"Th-th-that gentleman— was the so-so-so-sole Kami-sama !?"
"Ki-King! Di-did you really win against Kami!"
"No, compared to that, the Eastern United Front has already started to take
action on us, in our current state we will—"
"Before that, Elven Gard has already began on us! If they have their eyes on
our King and Queen—"
—Then, the story about the disappearance that soon became a
myth....
—Will shift to a new stage known as [Disboard], the story will
continue writing even after it had finished.
"Ahh—how annoying! Don't talk at the same time!"
".....Nii."
"Ah, I got it—"
Facing all the people that were juxtaposed.
Sora stood on stage with an aloof expression.
Placing his foot on the conference table, he said with open arms.
—Although it is a fixed phrase.
—It also has it's own beauty. So we will start with this.
—『A long long time ago——』
"Okay— let us begin the games. Target, let's just set it to defeating Kamisama♪"
—Then, this new myth, shall begin narrating from now.
Afterwords
Fuuu~~~~~~~This is it, this is it! I always wanted to do this— an
[Afterwords]! Nice to meet you, because I am always the [Party responsible
for the illustrations], so I always dreamt that I would write an afterwords
with the position of a writer, and it was finally realized today— I am the
writer and illustrator called Kamiya Yuu. Erm, I am actually a mangaka. Ah,
yes, un........I'm currently taking a break........because I am suffering from a
troublesome illness, I will temporarily stop the work of my manga due to the
great burden. And also, credits to [Itsuka Tenma no Kuro Usagi](Fujimi
Fantasia Bunko). Compared to a mangaka, I feel that being an illustrator
earns more recognition......even reaching out to the light novels, so my
current job is.........no, but then, I am still drawing mangas! Okay, going back to
topic, 《No Game, No Life》is my debut novel. It was originally an idea for a
manga. But in accordance to Sensei's hope, "I like this fantasy setting, but I
hate fighting!". So, for me who hates the troublesome drawings needed for
fighting manga based on my personal experience, I fulfilled that wish! But
then I thought, "Erm, why don't I just create a fantasy world where fighting
doesn't exist!". When I'm not working nor sleeping, I devoted all my time to
create a setting about [Games]!"
『Even the borders are also determined by games——this is gambling for
the country!』
With this mindset and all of my ideas, I tried it out. However~ unfortunately
this plan did not take form. I hoped that one day, this would be accepted, so I
wrote down the plot line. At that time, because of my sudden poor physical
condition, I had to stop my manga job. Laying on the hospital bed while being
SUPER bored and the fact that games were forbidden, it feels as if—
—God said.........that fate won't allow you to <Fade away>.
.......Gu, I hope it isn't too late. It should still be okay, I can't give up. Just like
that, when I was in the hospital, I dramatically changed the plot to make it
feel like what a novel would have. And with this style— ah, I suddenly
remembered something from Editor-san— "Because there are some people 
who decide whether to buy a book based on the afterwords, you better
publicize it well." So, let's start, shall we?
No Game, No Life.
A pair of siblings only good at games.
Those two useless pieces of trash were thrown intoA
world, where war is banned and everything is decided by games.
Including life— even the borders of the world were being gambled.
Enemies— are those who can use magic and supernatural powers, the
【16 races】.
[Bet it......your everything.]— Little sister— Shiro, 11 years old
/Hikkikomori/Anti-social.
[No way— it is impossible for humans to defeat magic!] — Stephanie Dora,
18 years old/Victim the majority of the time/Royalty(?)
—And mankind cannot use magic.
Desperately stuck in an adversity, the worst situation, butStirring
the nation!
An anti-fighting, game battle fantasy!
Can you, the <Author>, survive the impact of the well-known <Deadline>?
[For humankind to survive in this world........there is only one method......]—
Kurami, ???
[Don't.......underestimate humans!] — Older brother— Sora, 18 years
old/Unemployed virgin/NEET.
Author— Kamiya Yuu, Idiot/Pervert/Phobia of deadlines.
Okay— the original text should have such a feeling. (No joke).
Although there is a possibility of fraud present in this, like other Hollywood
movies.
For everyone who started reading from the afterwords, in order to confirm
the authenticity, I hope you will choose this as a read♪
For those of you who have finished reading this novel— that, un, erm.
IF you think that this will be good enough to be sold as a manga, with me as
the mangaka, then I will have to ask for forgiveness—
"Kamiya-sensei, Kamiya-sensei."
—Eh? Ah, yes, is there something wrong? Editor S-san[26]
.
"Do you want me to listen to things regarding the manga? After all, Kamiyasensei
has tangible achievements as a mangaka—"
Ahahha, sorry, regarding that, I can't hear clearly because the phone is too far
away.
"Didn't you say that it was [Because of your poor physical condition, you
can't draw mangas and will try to write novels which have a smaller
burden], yet at the end of this novel, you could still draw some storyboard?"
Wasn't it you who asked me to draw this!
"Eh? I only suggested [Since the author and illustrator are the same
person, and is still a mangaka, you could use this point to boost some
publicity]."
—From this statement, was there any other meaning besides [Drawing
Manga]?
"I didn't say that, right?"
Guuuu.
In my eyes, the image of lead editor and the protagonist seems to coincide
together.
Stephanie's antipathy, or maybe it was stronger than that☆
Ah, right.









Opening
Part 1
When one comes across a yet unopenable door in an RPG. Have
you ever thought this?
'If I could use magic, I should easily be able to blast through', or the like.
And yet you can't. Why is that?
It's because of the 'rules'.
--Games are different from reality.
There are those who claim that they cannot make the distinction. But
even they have likely felt at times that *something is different*. What
separates reality from that which isn't reality- is probably this.
There has been much discussion on whether sports are games or reality,
but that's besides this topic.
The reason is that the difference between games and reality is something
more fundamental than that.
It is the 'absoluteness of rules'.
Taking the example from earlier, if you went with the realistic line of
thought of ignoring the rules.
You could blow past all doors and the like without hesitation.
What if the world is in a crisis, and somewhere there is a door which requires
a missing key to open?
If it's alright to grab everything behind that door as long as you have the key,
there's no reason why you can't do the same without it, even if you do wind
up accused of some property destruction.
How about when faced with a door that not even magic capable of defeating
the demon king can open, why not just destroy the wall?
If you bypass the super tough 'door' like this, you could go and challenge the
demon king right off the bat.
Even if you just whack away at the rock with the legendary sword, surely it
should be the rocks which would eventually give way.
However, that's never the case. Why is that?
Because that simply *wouldn't be interesting*.
Yes, the rules are set so that a fun journey can be created culminating in a
'final objective'.
In chess it'd be checkmating the king, in soccer it'd be scoring more goals,
and in an RPG it'd be defeating the last boss.
That being said, if you circumvent the rules to arrive at the 'final objective'
early, that takes all of the fun out of it.
Therefore, the rules in games have a 'shared absoluteness',
--I'm sure you can see by now.
Reality-- doesn't have a 'winning condition'.
There aren't events completed by fulfilling certain conditions, nor peace
brought about by defeating certain enemies.
The couple won't finally end up living happily ever after.
Whether blessed or unfortunate, rich or poor, all end up meeting the same
'dead end' eventually without exception.
Therefore, people have always made their own 'win conditions', and made
their own rules to suit that end.
Whether it's by amassing wealth, or leading a comfortable life, by making
things a win or lose scenario they've already lost......
Now, let's imagine.
You're in a game of chess, when all of a sudden your opponent at his own
convenience made a ridiculous move.
Without even placing your king in check, he acts as if he had already won.
......How about it. Wouldn't you want to punch him?
What if there's a game where everyone played like that?
Yes-- that would be, 'reality'.
--Are games and reality really different?
That's the case, without a doubt.
To those who would confidently proclaim so, I'd like to answer with this.
I want nothing to do with you, ugh----
Part 2
Eight 23 inch computer screens. That had
been their whole world.
A small world, with an equatorial diameter of 13000 km. The
world covered by a fiber-optic cable network.....Earth. The concept
of 'distance' had been lost in this world.
When connected to the internet, one can transmit their desires around the
globe seven and a half times per second.
You can connect even to the very ends of the world.
--People now say that the world is infinite.
--But what they mean is that the world has infinitely shrunk.
With a single click of the mouse, one has everything one needs in life. The
piles of empty boxes made the once spacious room seem cramped. The
displays emitted an artificial light.
Or rather, the inside of the monitors did.
The hexadecimal world constructed therein had been 'their' world-- their
everything.
Further crowding the room were countless PCs and game consoles.
The bundles of wires connecting everything, and the plethora of
controllers made walking a major hazard.
Illuminated by that light were two emotionless faces.
The two were waging fierce battles against strangers from every corner of
the globe.
One was a black haired, black eyed young man.
One was a white haired, red eyed young girl.
Utterly absorbed in their screens, the room was silent.
The headphones of the two provided all the sound of 'their own world'.
All that could be heard was the inorganic whirring of machines, and endless
clicking.
--They thought the world had narrowed.
The electronic network brought the world to their feet without them
needing to take a single step.
But that led to a tsunami of information exceeding the recognition of
individuals.
That vast ocean of information had not led to the infinite, but rather to the
contrary.
The result had been an 'information overload', which had caused people to
retreat to their own narrow worlds of desired data.
An infinite number of tiny, closed worlds.
Isolated, smaller than ever, sparsely populated realities. Leading to
place not here, but a truly limitless different world.
Reflected in the pupils of the two was a 'different world' existing in the
monitors.
Worlds which, with enough concentration, offered the illusion that they had
truly entered another world.
They were not social outcasts, chained within a 16 tatami room.
Sometimes they were the heroic saviors of a nation.
Sometimes the leaders of the world's largest guild. Sometimes
magicians, elite special forces, or assassins. Typically, the
world would revolve around them.
A world with 'definite clear conditions'.
The young man heaved a sigh. Eight 23 inch
computer screens.
That had been their whole world, for an endless amount of time.
These siblings, 'undefeated' in every game they had ever played. Within
the small world of those monitors, were almost an urban legend.
Within the 'small world' to which they belonged, they were the same as the
heroes which they played in games.
But the moment they looked away, everything was the same as always.
Artificial, cramped, quiet. Fitting for social outcasts......an isolated, small
world.
And the young man submitted to the unease which would always well up.
A sense of jamais vu[1], [is this really our room?] Then, he
would think further.
Without evidence, merely vaguely, fleetingly, wondering. "Is
this really...where we belong."
"Indeed, you are correct."
However a voice had responded to those questions in his mind.
Before him stretched their own familiar world.
The only thing out of place was a smiling, innocent, unfamiliar boy. --
No. Was he really that unfamiliar?
As memories began to unravel, the boy continued before he could make a
sound.
"This isn't the place where you belong. Which is why......" And
then----
"Which is why, I will [Let you be reborn]." Past and
present, fiction and reality.
All of his recollections were still hazy.
Recognition became blurred, and as he began to lose his grip on the world.
What brought him back all of a sudden, was the same as always. "............ah, I
see. [I'm dreaming]."
And then things would end like all other 'dreams' did.
While unsure of just when it had ended, he felt his consciousness coming
awake......
Part 3
Kingdom of Elchea, Capital of Elchea.
After repeated losses in gambling, territory after territory had been ceded
and this lone city was now the final bastion of humanity.
Within the corridors of the royal castle of this city, walking along with an
unsteady gait, was a single girl.
She was Stephanie Dora.
Granddaughter of the late king, with red hair and blue eyes, she was royalty
of a venerable line.
--and yet.
The circles under her eyes and the pallor of fatigue robbed her of her
inherent dignity.
With a suspicious smile, heading dizzily towards the 'King's' chambers with
playing cards in hand, she resembled nothing less than......a ghost.
"Fu, fufufu......today at last, is the day of judgement!"
The day had just dawned, but it seemed she had been up all night.
Stephanie-- also known as Steph, laughed disturbingly.
"Sora, you're awake aren't you! It's already morning!"
Boom boom.
With her free hand, Steph noisily knocked at the doors of the 'King'.
But.
"Bee~~p. The person you are after is pretending to be out."
"Hah?"
The voice coming out from the room wasn't the voice of the 'King'.
It was a strange 'take it easy' voice, delivered flatly in the tone of a synthetic
woman.
"Please step away from the door as soon as possible, and do not enter
without permission."
"--Sora, are you messing with me?" "No, I'm
seriously serious."
"Enough already! I'm going to enter without permission!"
He was probably just playing games in there anyway-- no, there was no way
he could be doing anything else.
She fought back her drowsiness.
And broke down the doors with a kick--or rather.
She forcefully kicked the doors open, and entering into the bedroom of the
king, what she saw was...
"Sorry I'm sorry I wasn't doing it on purpose I really was in a bit of a tight
spot just now and I didn't mean anything bad by it I really mean that sorry so
sorry I'm so sorry!"
--Prostrated flat on the bed, the profusely apologizing 'King'.
Wretched, with tears in his eyes, shivering.
Steph however, already familiar with this sight, looked around for the guide.
The room was already flooded with countless games, such that it was
impossible to take a step anywhere.
Seeing something which should be present missing, Steph muttered.
"......Ara? Sora, you're alone?"
"Yes I'm alone I'm lonely I have no reason to live surely my being born was a
mistake I'm sorry I'll hang myself quietly after you leave so for now please--"
"......Nii......? You're...noisy......"
Interrupting the nonstop machine gun chatter of the 'King'-- 'Sora, was a
tired voice.
Recognizing that voice, Stephanie let out another sigh.
"Come on, Shiro's right here isn't she. What are you doing?"
"--eh?"
At that point, Sora looked over startled at 'Shiro'.
It appeared she had fallen out of the bed while sleeping.
Arching up from the bedside was a girl white as snow.
He immediately recognized the figure of that girl whose white hair trailed
all the way to the ground.
The sight of Sora suddenly clinging on to that figure was-- beyond words.
"Aa~~~~~~hhh, thank goodness! Sheesh, what a troublesome sister!
Because of your sleeping habits your brother almost hanged himself you
know, what would you have done then!"
Clinging to his sister-- to 'Shiro', he let loose a stream of tears.
Not being good with mornings......
being the only reason that could be
thought
of for her actions, his sister replied coldly with her eyes still half shut.
"...... Nii...... this is, overkill...... "

"Wha!? Do you not understand how your brother feels!?"
Standing up suddenly Sora began to speak with wild gestures.
"Then tonight! After Shiro's gone to sleep, I'll go hide in the closet! When you
wake up, I won't---- "
"..........
.. H......hic...... uuu......"
Before he could even finish, however, Shiro began to cry.
"You see!? You understand how your brother feels, right!"
"...... I'm, sorry...... my sleeping habits......are bad, I'm...sorry......"
Seeing his sister apologizing so sincerely while sobbing, he stroked her head.
"No, I'm sorry. I went too far. Thinking such bad thoughts, I'm a terrible
brother."
"......hic......o, kay......"
With that, the man who had just earlier been shaking and apologizing like
a newborn gazelle.
Now haughtily and forcefully turned around to Steph, and began throwing
out orders.
"So, the one at fault is ultimately this bed! Steph, dispose of this at once and
spread out some futons!"
"Wh, whaaaat!?"
Steph could never get used to the crazy antics of these siblings.
Having such an outrageous demand placed on her, she responded in a
strange voice.
"I-it, it's the royal bed! Do you know just how long it's history go--"
"Nope. But for the purposes of sleeping it separated Shiro from me, so it's
unsuitable. It's tilted, isn't it?"
"......Nod nod."
Shiro unhesitatingly showed her consent.
---This was just ridiculous.
"Th, that one bed is enough to buy a whole house you know!?"
"Then sell it and let's buy a house. A happy family will be born, isn't that
wonderful?"
"Y-y-y-y-you, youuu--"
Faced with a tyrant, Steph was trembling at a loss for words, when suddenly
Sora spoke.
"Ah, that's right. The things in this room belonged to the previous king-- in
other words your grandfather's, Steph."
As if testing what her reaction would be.
Sora then tapped his fist into his palm, like he just had a great idea.
"Then let's do this. From today onwards, this will be your room."
"Wha-- ......th, this is the 'King's bedroom' you know!?"
"I am the king. Wherever I sleep will be the 'King's bedroom'."
The 'King' briskly began to list things off.
"Just empty a room used by the maids. Well, leave the bedding and mattress
of course."
As Sora continued saying that a futon, if available, would be more preferable,
Steph's reasoning was unable to keep up for a moment.
Her reaction was several seconds late.
"T-the maid's rooms, are 'cabins' outside the castle you know!? They're made
of wood you know!?"
"Hm? I can't let that pass you know, don't underestimate wood!"
Sora cleared his throat with a cough.
"Breathable, hygroscopic, temperature-regulated, shockproof, windresistant,
surpassing all other materials, a fortress for hikikomoris! As long as
you're careful with fire, there is nothing better to construct a Japanese house
from--"
At that point, it seemed he thought of something.
Sora proceeded to retrieve the PC connected to a solar charger by the
window.
"Ah, as I thought. There're textbooks on Japanese architecture in here."
"......Huh?"
"Right, let's make a 'house' on the castle grounds!"
"Eh......?"
While Steph was left far behind, Sora continued heatedly.
"What do you think Shiro, our dream home! Wouldn't that be a great idea!?"
"......Place......where?"
"Fufu, I already know everything you have in mind, my little sister!!"
Although it seemed the brother had only just started considering that
point too.
With a flourish, he pointed to the castle courtyard outside the window.
"Right there is closer to the castle than the maids' place, and it won't cause a
problem for the workers. It's close to the castle kitchens too, so we can
continue being hikikomoris as usual! The greenery means the air is fresh,
and it's not crowded! And thanks to the castle walls, the morning sun won't
disturb us! Is there any more divinely situated place than this!!"
After Sora's proud speech, Shiro slowly raised a hand.
"......No....objections......"
"Alright! And so, Steph."
"Eh, ah, y-yes?"
Steph could only flap her mouth in bewilderment.
"Find some craftsmen of wooden buildings. Hm, I don't know what the
building code for this world would be, so select say, a staff of twenty of the
best? Just tell them to make it out of wood and leave the rest to them."
--Now for the late introductions.
This is the King and Queen of the final kingdom of 'Imanity', Elchea-- Sora
and Shiro, a pair of siblings.
They don't set a foot outside the room all day. All they do is play games,
read, and make unreasonable demands.
--Very much like 'tyrants'.
"~~~~~~~~~~~~~Soraaa! We're having a game!" Dealing
with these despots, Steph finally lost all patience. Gripping the
playing cards in her hand, she glared at Sora. For those
tyrants-- yes, today was the 'day of judgment'. --But.
"--......Ohh?"
Hearing that word 'game', Sora's eyes sharpened.
At that instantaneous change, which Steph had already seen countless times,
she shuddered.
The crying, shaking man from earlier had become a bumbling brother.
With a single switch.
As if seeing straight through one's heart, one's intentions, and holding all in
the palm of his hand.
Enough to give off such an illusion, a machine-like calmness. Yet his
face was that of a game master, befitting the king of war.
--But before that.
Staring into his eyes, Steph instantly felt her heart leap and her face heat up.
She had challenged him to a game in this very same matter once before.
And the 'price' reminding her that she had been utterly beaten, was even
now firmly engraved on her mind.
In the face of that, her momentum lost its steam.
Seeing Steph avert her gaze, reddened from ear to ear, Sora confirmed.
"You wish to challenge me to an 'Acciente' game, is that what you mean?"
"Y, yes, t-that's exactly right!"
"......the [Ten Oaths]......number, five......the challenged...party has the
right......to decide...the contents of the game....."
Shiro recited the rule from memory.
--They were the absolute rules that God had decreed for this world.
Unbreakable in any situation, absolute and immovable.
"Heh~~on top of that, me? You challenge me to a game?" --the
game had already begun.
As Sora seized the psychological advantage, Steph was unable to get out the
words she had previously prepared.
"A, a~ra, surely humanity's strongest gamer-sama would not be afraid to
compete with me at m-my, strengths?"
Thinking desperately, Steph blurted out the countermeasure she had been
practicing over and over.
But she couldn't keep a quaver out of her voice.
With a wry smile, Sora let out a bold laugh.
"I see, so you came at least a bit prepared this time-- so, what is it you 'wish
to wager'?"
Games played according to the [Ten Oaths] demanded absolute compliance.
What one gambled could said to be part of the tactics.
"Fufufu......if I win--"
As if waiting for that question, Steph spoke without hesitation.
"Sora will [become a citizen and stop meddling in my affairs]!"
Ba---------m!
......Steph declared as she pointed.
But the only response was silence.
"H, huh......?"
A deathly quiet reigned over the king's bedroom.
"I see it's come down to this", or "Don't hit me where it hurts!"
Steph had been expecting such replies.
But instead, Sora's eyes were shining brightly.
"I, I see--since the [Ten Oaths] are absolute, you can do that kind of thing as
well!?"
"Heh!?"
At this better-than-expected response from Sora, Steph could only look
away red-faced.
"B-b-but, didn't you order me to 'fall in love'......if so--"
Indeed that time when Steph had faced Sora in a game, through a series of
trickery she had been requested to 'fall in love'.
As you can see, regardless of her own will she had been forced to 'be in
love'.
"I, I see,"
It was as if the scales had fallen from his eyes. Moved
to look up at the sky, Sora gave a cry.
"Th, then, don't make me a citizen--make me a 'riajuu[2]'!"
"Ria, juu? What the heck's that."
"It's technically the same as a citizen. Now let's play! I'll lose!!"
"Eh, well, um......"
Biting her lip, Steph seemed to be at a loss as to how to respond.
Succor came from an unexpected source.
"......Nii....if you, lose......to someone apart from......Shiro......"
"Wha--! S-sister, do you intend to stand in the way of your brother's path
towards becoming a riajuu!?"
"......『 』 cannot...accept......de...feat......"
"Guoohhh!"
Yes, Sora and Shiro-- the combo of 『 』 can never accept any losses.
It was a promise the two had made back in the previous world.
In a world without rules, it was an absolute, unshakable rule the two had
made for themselves alone.
As if he had fallen from heaven to hell, Sora's face displayed unmitigated
despair.
"No way......come on! I mean, there's no way I could lose to Steph in
anything unless it's on purpose!!"
"You----!?"
Ignoring Steph who had begun twitching uncontrollably, the siblings
continued their argument.
"......Even, so.....you can't......"
"This, this can't be, my rosy riajuu life was right before my eyes! H-hey,
Shiro, you challenge me then. If it's you there'd be no problem, I can go all
out and lose, let's say, in chess or something!"
"......But......I refuse......"
"Arrrghhhh, goddammit! Steph!!"
"Y, yes!?"
Clasping his hands together as if in prayer, Sora turned to Steph and cried out
from his soul.
"I realize that there is one in a million-- no, it'd be more approaching an
imaginary number, but there's gotta be a game you might just possibly
somehow be able to beat me at! I'm begging you! Answer this
infinitesimally small hope of mine!!"
"Fu, fufu......fufufu......fufufufufufufu, you yourself said it!"
Receiving that abuse laden rant, Steph's mouth twitched before she began
laughing maniacally.
"The game will be-- 'Black Jack!"
"--
......Haaaah
hh...... "
"......
Sigh..
.... "
As the siblings both sighed for different reasons, Steph, not understanding
either, looked dismayed.
"Eh, huh? What is it!? It's a game with a chance of success!!"
Sora merely returned another sigh.
Turning to Shiro who seemed to have lost all interest, Steph shouted.
"The dealer will be me! Sora will be the player! This way Sora can't cheat,
and even if he does I'll know and it'd be my win! In a game of pure chance,
ability doesn't matter!"
Sora looked out the window. A single twinkling glimmer slowly rolled down
his cheek.
"Writing together the characters for 'human' and 'dreams' results in
'vanity', huh. Well Steph, don't be discouraged. There's always a next time."
Hearing Sora's line normally reserved for after winning a match, Steph
exploded.
"Ma, making fun of me......j-just you watch! 'Acciente'!"
That was the word used when invoking the [Ten Oaths], signifying a vow of
absolute compliance had been made.
"Yeah yeah......'Acciente'......I guess."
"Oh, right, I forgot to add what I'll be gambling--"
"Sure......well, whatever's fine......sighhh......"
"Y, you----!!"
In the face of Sora who took his victory as a foregone conclusion, Steph
inwardly told herself to calm down.
--Yes, calm down. There is a 'chance of victory'. In her
mind, Steph was grinning horribly.
A game of pure chance? No way in hell.
Steph had been busy practicing all night, of course she intended to cheat to
win.
It was the dealer who shuffled.
If she counted out the cards while shuffling yet in an 'acceptable looking
way', she could win.
Unlike substituting cards or the like, it was impossible to prove.
Number eight of the [Ten Oaths], 'If cheating is detected during a game, it will
be regarded as a defeat'-- in other words.
If it's not detected, you can do it!
(Fufufufu......prepare to receive your just desserts for underestimating
meeeeeeeee!)
--However, Steph didn't know. More so since
she had come this far.
Winning against Sora with something of that degree- was utterly
impossible......
Part 4
--Beyond the horizon.
Towering even over the mountains, large beyond human perception was a
giant chess piece.
Perched on top of the king, his feet dangling over the edge, was a lone boy.
Whistling as if enjoying himself, in his hands were a 'blank book' and a quill
pen.
"Nn......what to write~"
It seemed as if he was thinking about the continuation of his story.
Over time, as he thought of something, his pen would move.
"Once upon a time, there was a world where an absolute rule was set
prohibiting all force and calling for every dispute to be solved by
games!......there. Hm. Well, something like that?"
Nodding from his seat higher than the heavens, the boy looked out into the
distance and muttered.
"......I wonder if they'll move soon......the 'latest piece'."
The boy's name was Tet.
The creator of this world where everything is decided by games, 'Disboard."
The one who had emerged from the former War of the Gods seated as the
sole god remaining, the 'God of Games'.
That lone god, his eyes sparkling as if reminiscing about a lover, looked out
into the distance.
"--A question, art thou preventing the destruction of Imanity?"
From thin air, an arrogant voice resounded.
"--At last, hast thou been moved to act?"
Tet certainly took a little offense at that voice, yet he remained all smiles.
"Eavesdropping now? That's not a terribly commendable hobby."
Spying on the lone god Tet, the imperfect presence spoke.
It was undoubtedly one of the previous ranking Old Gods-- and one still
possessing a limited amount of power at that.
Tet, who was now the sole god, could easily find out who it was, and yet he
had no interest whatsoever.
"--A question, before the decision on whom to crown as Imanity's new king,
an event modification was observed. Art thou taking sides?"
Tet answered, however, in a bored tone.
"......Really, you guys are dull as ever."
Then he reversed, and his eyes filled with sparkling anticipation once again.
With a yearning smile, Tet spoke.
"I am on nobody's side. If you won't understand that, you'll continue playing
a stale game forever."
Then he laughed.

A laugh, which amidst the vast disappointment, contained great hope.
"'They' will come. All the way up to me-- and none of you can stop them."
His eyes were far away, looking over the last city of Imanity-- over Elchea.
For the one god, endless years were as the blink of an eye.
His eyes were like--
A child on the day he was going to the amusement park, impatiently
awaiting for his parents to get ready.
With a whisper, Tet confirmed that the presence of the voice from the void
had faded.
"Don't keep me waiting too long, 『 』-san."
He knocked his heels against the piece he sat atop of.
"I'll run out of patience soon~, if you keep me much longer-- I might just
have to come out and play?"
Curling his lip fearlessly, God spoke. "Ah,
that's right. The continuation--"
As if thinking of the continuation of his story, Tet lifted his quill pen.
"One day two gamers from another world were invited to the country of
Imanity, the lowest of the Exceed. The two came to defend Imanity, who had
been backed into a corner to their final land-- Elchea, by the other races, then
becoming the king and queen-- everything began from here......kay ♪"
--the story continued to spin out.
Eventually it would be a grand epic, told to the people by bards everywhere.
What God wove was the story of future gods.
Writing out the prologue to the next legend----
Chapter 1 - Weak Square/Setting the Board
Part 1
The country of Imanity-- Kingdom of Elchea. Capital of Elchea, Eastern
Region District 6.
In the hall of a gorgeously luxurious mansion were five people seated
around a table, and a number of others looking on.
Of those at the table, one's black hair was in a mess and there were dark
marks under his eyes.
He was a young man wearing an 'I ♥ Humans' T-shirt and jeans, as well as
sneakers.
Another was seated on his lap-- one with long hair white as snow.
She was a young girl whose upturned eyes were as bright as rubies, wearing
a black sailor uniform.
The young man wore the girl’s tiara around his arm like an armband.
The girl, in turn, was using his crown as a barrette to keep her bangs in place.
These siblings were the King and Queen of Elchea, the final country of
‘Imanity’.
The brother—Sora. 18 years old. Virgin. Unpopular. Hikikomori. NEET.
Game addict.
The sister—Shiro. 11 years old. No friends. Anthropophobia. Hikikomori.
Game addict.
…………GG[3], humanity.
[End]
Is what anybody would think, if they only read this far.
However, these two are-- not from this world.
In the previous world, they had set undefeated records in the rankings of
over 280 games.
At the top of the rankings of any game you cared to check would be a
spotless, blank space.
Just who was behind it was never identified, and that gamer had become an
urban legend.
They were known only as-- 『 』.
This world was ‘Disboard’, where all wars had ceased as decreed by the
[Ten Oaths].
In this world everything up to and including country borders were decided
by games. By using magic which humans were neither able to use or detect,
the other races cheated in their games and backed the sixteenth race
‘Imanity’ into a corner.
Even that final city had almost become a puppet government via an agent of
the elves. However, these two superficially possessed neither special powers
or magic ability.
With only their strength as humans, bearing the title of humanity’s strongest
both in name and reality, these two were seated on the throne.
They were certainly, unmistakably, hopeless.
They were certainly, visibly, socially incompetent.
In [this world], however, these siblings were— the saviors of Imanity.
These siblings held the hope of Imanity in their hands-- as the brother Sora,
playing cards at the ready, spoke!!
“Hey, Steph. Where do babies come from?”
…………Maybe GG is still a viable conclusion.
One of the figures standing near the two responded with a cold stare.
“……That’s really not something I want to have to say to the ones
responsible for the future of Imanity……”
She had red hair and blue eyes, and was wearing a frilly dress suitable for a
fantasy setting.
With fine clothing, style sense, and bearing, she was a girl in her late teens. --
Stephanie Dora. Steph, for short.
The granddaughter of the late king of Elchea, descended from a venerable
line, replied.
“—Have you finally cracked?”
Correcting herself, she rectified that statement.
“Rather, that would imply you’ve been acting normal until now.”
“Hey, I’m being perfectly normal!”
“Asking something like that so normally is what’s not normal!”
“Arrrgh, you’re so dense! What I mean is, in this world there are the [Ten
Oaths], right!”
The [Ten Oaths].
A set of absolute laws for this world laid down by the sole god, Tet.
It was a compact which forbade all warfare between the intelligent races of
the ‘Exceed’— namely.
【1】 All bloodshed, war, and pillage is forbidden throughout the world.
【2】 All disputes are to be resolved through the outcome of games.
【3】 In games, wagers will be made on what both parties decide to be of
equal value.
【4】 Unless contrary to "Three", the game content and the things wagered
do not matter.
【5】 The challenged party has the right to decide the contents of the game.
【6】 "As per the Oath", the wager will be unconditionally adhered to.
【7】 All matters for group conflicts will be decided by a representative.
【8】 If cheating is detected during a game, it will be regarded as a defeat.
【9】 The above rules are unconditionally everlasting, upheld in the name
of God.
【10】Everyone should get along while playing games.
“……What about them?”
“I mean, bloodshed is forbidden, isn’t it. So how do you ‘make children’?”
“……May I ask why you’re asking that now?”
“I’m bored and it’s something that just popped up. But isn’t this a huge
problem?”
Aware of the surrounding eyes on her, Steph leaned in to whisper in Sora’s
ear.
“……In [your world], are humans born from eggs?”
The fact that Sora and Shiro had come from a ‘different world’ was a secret.
……which made having such a conversation right in front of a crowd of
servants such a great idea.
That was why the eternally dumbfounded Steph spoke with such a frosty
gaze.
“--H-hey! Don’t look down on me just because I’m a virgin!! I know
perfectly well that when a boy’s pocket monster goes in and out of a girl’s
secret garden, the world will turn!!”
“……Nii, that way of speaking……sounds far too much……like a
virgin.....”
“If a virgin doesn’t sound like a virgin, what the heck should I sound like!?”
His 11 year old sister who was sitting on his lap reminded the king of his
extreme unpopularity and that the years he'd been without a girlfriend
equaled his age.
“A-anyway, doing that stuff will be inflicting an injury, right? Or at least the
first time will!! So with the [Ten Oaths], how does humanity in this world
breed!?”
It seemed like Steph finally understood that he was being serious. But then
immediately--
“……Just let me double check, this isn’t some farce to publicly shame me,
right?”
“—Seriously, thinking of something like that, what’s up with you?”
An eroge thought in a world without eroge.
The power of his imagination was almost admirable.
“Never mind, I’ll ask someone else later, you useless woman.”
“Wha— f,fine, I get it. I’ll explain!”
Cough cough, Steph cleared her throat.
“What constitutes as an infringing act is extremely obvious.”
“Ohh. How so?”
“It’s simple. Behavior with 'malicious intent' which goes against the Oaths--
will be cancelled.”
……--huh?
“Eh, so like, real-time censorship of the brain?”
“Yes, I guess?”
This may be a fantasy world, but isn’t that going way too far.
“That was why after the [Ten Oaths] were put in place, most laws became
mere window dressing. Everything that we can think of or do must either
abide by the Oaths, result from mutual consent, or simply be an accident.”
“Haah……the god of this place just does what he wants.”
“He’s the only god, of course he can do what he wants.”
--Authority sufficient enough to even remake the laws of the world on a
whim.
And by now— with that, everything in this world was decided by games.
“Hm……I get it. So let me ask again, why is making babies ok?”
The one who answered however was not Steph, but Shiro who was cutting
the cards on his lap.
“……If mutual consent is……'conveyed’……in other, words……”
“Ah, so if it’s an act both parties agree on it won’t count as an
‘infringement’?”
The kicks Shiro had previously dealt him still fresh in his mind, Sora finally
understood.
If it was Shiro, he would agree with anything she did even if it was only a
subconscious agreement. No wonder.
As Shiro continued to cut the cards, Sora yawned and spoke.
“Well, I guess that makes sense. If all bloodshed was totally forbidden, there
wouldn’t be any doctors or the like either.”
As he thought once again that the Oaths were at least well designed, Steph
spoke to Sora.
“So rather than saying that the world functions well, it’s more like the rules
are simply extremely well enforced.”
“The world 'back where we were from' wasn’t like that~……”
……Surprisingly, a world without rules can still work.
Even if it’s flawed and inconsistent.
That was probably how this world worked too before the [Ten Oaths].
“……Still, in that case, I have another question."
“What is it?”
“Why was I able to grope your boo— never mind, that’s all.”
If you say just one more word here...Steph’s razor sharp glare that conveyed
this meaning shut Sora right up.
“Well, that was a very interesting talk. It was a good time killer.”
“Did you just say that all this was a waste of time!?”
This was from the other three people seated at the table, opposite a sleepy
looking Sora.
They were nobles, stripped to their underwear— three portly old men.
Looking on with pity were countless spectators.
--He had almost forgotten that he was in the middle of a game.
Sora and Shiro, along with these three great lords.
They were playing a game of poker with 'everything they owned' on the line.
“……I really, really don’t want to have to see you guys naked or
something……won’t you just give up?”
The three [former nobles] had just now forfeited their entire estates to
Sora and Shiro.
Everything they owned, literally. Not just sundry things such as land,
assets and rights, but even including possessions such as their wives and
children.
They had lost all of that in just two hours, and now were left in nothing but
their underwear.
“Don’t, don’t be ridiculous— if we do that we’ll have nothing left!”
“How could we accept such tyranny!”
“If we don’t turn things around we won’t even have any clothes! Don’t screw
with us!”
Paying them no mind, Sora yawned as he spoke.
“……You’re the ones who started this game, and no one had intended for
things to come this far. You were the ones who ended up throwing things
like your family and clothes into the mix……and everything else.”
The still arguing nobles— rather, ex-nobles, shut up at Sora’s gaze.
“I even let slide your combined efforts at cheating. Be grateful.”
“……Full, house……the.....end……”
Shiro laid down her hand.
The sign that the last bastion of the nobles— their underwear had been
forfeit.
--Thus.
The three nobles, leaders of the opposition to the wealth of reforms being
put in place, were reduced to utter poverty.
Along with them, the movement that they had headed fell to nothing.
Part 2
Capital of Elchea, central avenue.
It connected the North, South, East and West parts of the city as well as the
main road which lead to the palace, making it the busiest area of Elchea.
Having taken even the underwear of the nobles who had been opposing
their agricultural reforms, they were on their way home.
"H, however much they deserved it, that was far too brutal......"
While walking along the high traffic road bustling with people and carts,
Steph blurted out.
"I mean, did you really have to go as far as taking their families!?"
"They're the ones who went and wagered that of their own accord. What do
you have to say about someone who's willing to bet their own wife and
kids?"
Walking behind her, holding firmly onto Shiro's hand, Sora replied.
"More importantly, there're far too many people here......S-Shiro, whatever
happens, don't you let go, ok?"
"......N-n, Nii......as well......"
The two of them spoke as they shiftily looked around and kept their heads
down.
For the two hikikomori shut-ins, having to walk down that bustling main
street at noon was nothing short of purgatory.
"Wasn't it you, Sora, who said to walk back?"
"I, I had something to take care of, but......for there to be this many
people......"
For the month that they had been in this world, most of their time had been
spent within the palace.
As the two of them looked around suspiciously and tightened their hold on
one another, Steph heaved a sigh.
"So, what are you going to do?"
"D-do what? About what?"
"All the things that you received from those three."
"Eh, ahh, nothing much."
Somehow pulling himself together, Sora replied.
"The families can do as they please. If they're willing to forgive those idiots
who wagered them and go back to them, then they're free to do so. As for
their assets and the like, I'll leave all of that to you and the ministers."
Their goal had been the elimination of the nobles opposing their agricultural
reforms.
Stripping them naked had merely been the means of removing their power.
Sora was happy to let the state take hold of the actual fortune.
"Um, Sora......it's my fault that I wasn't able to stop the demonstration this
time, and I'm sorry you two had to be bothered by it in the end, but I can't
help thinking...this method is going to leave grudges."
With the knowledge they had brought from their world, Sora and Shiro
sought to rapidly revive the nation.
Having been in this world for only a month, the two of them also had the
potential to blunder due to their unfamiliarity with the culture.
To avoid such happenings, they merely dictated policy and left the actual
running of things to the ministers.
Their go between was Steph, who had been educated as a member of the
royal family.
--Was how things went.
They avoided the troubles that inherently came with government.
One month ago, this conversation had taken place--
"We'd just stipulate policies and guidelines. The actual implementation
would be left to you, Steph, and the ministers. That being said, if anyone had
a problem with what we're doing, bring them to us. We'll strip them and toss
them out naked-- isn't that what we'd agreed on?"
"That's why! That way of doing things is far too thuggish!"
"Don't worry. Controlling through fear is far too much trouble, but it's fine
doing it once or twice."
Although to be honest at this rate, things would end up becoming another
Great Purge.
"Actually considering that we've been on the throne for a whole month, it's
surprising that this is the first time we've had to do this."
Such large scale agricultural and industrial reforms would naturally bring
about conflicts of interest.
Nobles would revolt and guilds would conspire. Those sorts of annoying
events you'd see in simulation games.
However, they had left things to Steph and the ministers precisely in order
to avoid tripping such troublesome flags.
That there were so few rebellions after the first month was no small wonder-
-
"Well......we've managed to keep things suppressed up to now."
"......Suppressed?"
"Many nobles were initially opposed to the agricultural reforms that Sora
had presented. Fortunately House Auruo and House Bild are closely allied
with House Dora, so with their help we were able to manage things behind
the scenes."
"............Eh? Ah, right."
"With data obtained from large-scale experiments in royal territories, we
were able to convince many of our major nobles. With that the more minor
nobles were slowly swayed over as well, but......there were some who simply
wouldn't budge. Those three today were the big shots amongst them, so it
shouldn't happen again. Still, you should take care not to-- what is it?"
Interrupting Steph who was speaking so eloquently, Sora placed a hand on
her forehead.
"......Hm, it doesn't seem like you have a fever. What the- Steph, you just said
something really smart!"
For some reason, Sora seemed terribly shocked.
"Is something wrong!? I, I'm sorry for not noticing earlier, I'll take you to a
doctor immediately--"
"......Um, aren't you being just a bit far too impolite?" Seeing
Steph's shoulders trembling, Sora cried out.
"No, I mean-- it's you we're talking about, Steph!!" "Yes it
is, what of it!?"
Sora closed his eyes and shook his head. "No, wait,
wait, give me a sec, it can't be......"
He resembled a hardcore physicist who was seeing a real ghost right before
his eyes.
Thinking, "This absolutely cannot be." He
swallowed painfully.
He spoke the incredibly hard to accept truth.
"I can't believe it, but......could it be.....Steph, you aren't actually an idiot!?"
Still harboring doubts, Sora cried out the inescapable reality.
"Y-you......I graduated top of the class from the most prestigious academy in
the country you know!?"
"But I mean-- just look at yourself!"
Stephanie Dora.
The only granddaughter of the late king of Elchea, a very dignified lady was
now.
Wearing a collar, along with dog ears and a tail.
A leash attached to the collar trailed in Shiro's hand as they walked.
Along the heart of the city, down the main street.
"If you had half a brain there'd be no way you'd let something like this
happen!!"
"The person who did this to me has no business saying any such thing!!!"
Indeed, this morning Steph had predictably lost in Blackjack to Sora.
"Then, for today, you'll be a dog."
And that had been the super appropriate price she had paid.
And just as predictably, as they walked down the central street of Elchea in
such a manner.
Every passerby was staring at them.
It should be noted that in the mansion earlier, Steph had been in this getup
the entire time.
"C-couldn't you have come up with anything better!?"
At Steph's cry as her anger returned far too late, Sora and Shiro thought. -
-There hadn't been much change from before.
"......Steph, shake......" Shiro held out
her hand.
With a flop, Steph placed her front paw--er, right hand on Shiro's hand.
"U, uuu......why can't I resist at alllll!"
"You were explaining things so diligently just a while ago, right? That's the
rule of this world."
--Of the [Ten Oaths], number 【6】: "As per the Oath", the wager will be
unconditionally adhered to.
"......Steph, down......"
As Steph proceeded to lie face down on the street, she lamented aloud.
"Uuuuuuuu! Why couldn't I win!"
At that, Sora breathed a sigh of relief.
"Ah, so you really didn't know......thank goodness, it's the usual Steph."
"Thinking that you just used "Steph" as an insult was my imagination,
right!? My imagination, right!?"
Ignoring Steph's protests, Sora took out his mobile phone.
In any case, her hard work that was beyond their expectations was indeed
quite unexpected.
Taking the ministers' reports, they had drawn up an app graph of the
country's data.
It appeared that the instructed reforms had managed to proceed without too
much trouble.
Although the size of the dairy areas they had managed to secure was
somewhat disappointing, if it worked the population's transition should
balance things out.
At the same time, they had been able to ease the employment problem
somewhat-- he put down a note to check that into the task scheduler.
He proceeded to check off items such as 'agricultural reform', 'industrial
reform', and 'financial reform'.
"......Still, in the long term, this is only a stop-gap......"
However much they fully tried to use the knowledge they had brought with
them, fundamentally their available resources and national land size had
not changed.
Not to mention it would take at least half a year before the results of the
agricultural reforms bore fruit.
Even if they wanted to go as far as attempting to introduce future tech, the
country simply didn't have the necessary raw materials.
"I guess our only choice is-- 'reclaiming the land'."
In other words.
The time had finally come to mobilize and win back their borders.
The question was-- where should they begin......
"............"
Lost in thought, Sora fell silent. Shiro, perhaps thinking the same
thoughts, was also quiet.
Walking before them, attached to the collar, Steph naturally also quietened
down.
But. Before long, she couldn't stand the stares anymore.
"S, Sora. Everyone's staring really hurts, so let's at least talk." At
Steph's protest, Sora noticed something strange.
".....Nn? Don't you think there's something off about the way everyone's
looking?"
"Seeing someone in a get-up like this, isn't that obvious!?"
"No, not that......somehow, don't you think they look frightened?"
Sora noticed a subtle incongruity in the stares being sent at Steph.
They were not the amused eyes of people looking on at some funny cosplay--
In fact, rather, they stared at Sora's group as if seeing something they'd
never imagined.
"Since the king of Elchea is taking around 'someone who resembles a
werebeast', it's only natural."
......Huh?
"Wait, what did you say just now?"
"For the king of Elchea to do something like this, anyone would--"
"No! Not that part!"
"Wait, Steph with those ears and a tail resembles-- a 'werebeast'......was it?"
Sora's brain instantaneously began recalling all the information he
possessed thus far.
--The 14th race of the Exceed: 'Werebeasts'.
With the largest territory, they were the third greatest superpower in the
world, the 'Eastern Union'.
Although information was sketchy, they had superb physical capabilities
and senses.
It was rumored that they even had a sort of [sixth sense], an intuition even
able to read the heart.
"--Steph, I'd like an answer as fast as possible." "Hah?
W-what is it?"
"These werebeasts-- do they have girls like Steph now, with ears and a tail?"
"......I don't know why you're limiting it to girls, but--"
They do--is what Steph was about to say.
"Almost all werebeast girls have such bodies, you know?"
"......So what you're saying is, this country, the 'Eastern Union'--"
Confirming, Sora swallowed hard.
"Is filled with girls who look almost exactly like humans, who have animal
ears and a tail and fuzzy paws...such an Eden of the ultimate pretty animals
exists in this world-- is that what you're saying?"
You're saying the place named the 'Eastern Union'-- is such an Arcadia[4]?
"Alright that's it that Paradise is mine we're going to conquer all those
kemonomimi[5] ! Immediately! Now!"
Drawing his phone as if unsheathing a sword, Sora opened the task
scheduler!
Seeing him enter 'Conquer kemonomimi kingdom- To do: Now', Steph burst
out.
"Hey, w-what are you on to! Our own country isn't even stable yet!"
At that 'mad king' who was suddenly raring to pick a fight with the
world's third greatest power.
But Sora would not be swayed.
"Silence! I will obtain both the land and the kemonomimis! It serves both my
own and the national interests, so well, who are you to try and block this
perfect plan!"
Then looking around as if searching for something, Sora yelled out.
"Which way to the Eastern Union!? Call a carriage right now!!"
However, as Sora began to run off alone.
His sister, holding his hand, muttered one word.
"............'Information'......"
"Uu--guuu......!"
His self-proclaimed 'perfect plan' collapsed with depressing ease. --
Yes. They had already thought about all this before.
And after they had been crowned, in the month since that day when they
declared war on the world.
Being reminded of why they had yet to launch an attack up to today, Sora fell
silent.
"G, gngnnn......certainly, if we don't clear this problem, we can't make a
move......"
As both Sora and Shiro retreated back to their own thoughts, silence fell
again.
However, after that outburst it was troubling. The
silence was hard on Steph again.
"Uh- uhm, Sora, could you tell me why I lost in the Blackjack game this
morning--"
Unable to take it anymore, Steph brought up a topic.
......But there was no reply. Steph looked
back. However. "........................eh?"
The leash that Shiro should have been carrying was dragging along the
ground.
The two who should have been right behind her were nowhere to be found.
"Eh? Huh, they......left?"
Standing alone amidst quietly heard laughter, a cold wind blew.
Part 3
“……De...licious……”
They had just come out from a library situated in one of the labyrinthine
alleys branching off from Elchea’s central avenue.
Then they had visited a café, and now Sora and Shiro’s hands were full with
books, donuts and tea.
“Despite our plans to deal with the food shortage……it seems the stockpiles
really are doing badly.”
From the central avenue they had entered an open plaza, where they had
brought the donuts and tea.
The plaza didn’t have the vibrance one would expect, however.
Nor was there any mistaking the shopkeepers' expressions.
With just a look, they told plenty about Elchea’s current situation.
Analyzing the situation, in Sora and Shiro’s original world, rioting and
looting would have broken out by now.
“How was it over there, Shiro?”
“……Nn. It seems……there really...was no harvest……”
“As we thought. Jeez, what the hell’s going on. What’s with this country?”
“--What’s.....strange.......is—“
“The nerve of you
guuuuuuuuuyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyssssssssssssssss!!!!
Panting, shoulders heaving, Steph (still dressed like a dog) screamed out.
“Ah, Steph. Where’d you go. We were looking for you, y’know?”
“'Ah' my ass!! 'Ah'!? Don’t tell me you forgot!? Are you telling me that
leaving me in the middle of the city while wearing a collar and dressed like
a dog wasn’t harassment or even teasing, you 'just forgot'!?”
Steph cried with teary eyes.
As if offering a supplicating prayer she clutched at Sora’s feet.
“Please! Grant me this single wish! Let me hit you a good one just this once!!
I won't ask for anything else ever again!!”
“W, well……Shiro smelled something good and was pretty out of it for a
while. There was no way I could let go, and I was sure she would be holding
on to the leash, then before I knew it, you were gone……”
“……Steph.....sorry.....……Sit.”
As Shiro gave a thumbs up and spoke with her mouth stuffed full of donut,
Sora continued.
“So, well, Shiro had no ill intentions either, so please forgive us.”
“Saying ‘please forgive us’, then ordering me to sit really kills the sincerity
you know!?”
While ‘sitting’ like a dog, Steph pointed at Sora and declared. “First
tell me why I lost!! If you don’t, I won’t be convinced!!”
“Hm……so rather than requesting to be released, you want an explanation?”
"--……Huh?”
“……Steph……you actually……like it?”
“T-there’s-- no way in hell!! Are you making fun of me!?”
But there wasn’t a chance either Sora or Shiro would miss that moment’s
hesitation.
“Whoaa, I thought something like that only happened in eroge……”
Considering this came from the one who had forced her into it, there wasn’t
much left to be said.
Steph, today, was in top form.
She had never once cursed the god who had forbidden all violence.
Yet being pressured by that intense glare, Sora relented.
“Alright, alright, I’ll tell you……’card counting’.”
He never ceased eating, however.
“Card……eh, what?”
“Card counting. Simply put, it’s assigning a number to cards. For example 2-6
is 1, 10 or higher is -1, and 7-9 are 0.”
“……? What do you gain by that?”
Seeing all of that had completely flown over her head, Sora stated bluntly.
“You can 'predict the next card'.”
“—-Huh?”
As Steph suspiciously pondered whether that was magic, Sora leisurely
elaborated.
“By keeping track of the cards which have been dealt, one can anticipate the
cards which are left, and it’s possible to 'mathematically predict the
probability of which cards will come next'. If you can reliably do that, you
won’t lose, right?”
“Ha, haah~......”
It appeared the idea of using ‘math’ in games was something new for Steph.
She seemed to have forgotten both her loss and her being forced to ‘sit’ at
the moment, being simply lost in awe.
As if wanting to write everything down, she took out a notepad.
In the midst of doing so however, she noticed something.
“W, wait a moment!! Isn’t that just cheating!?”
Sora refuted her point with a cool face.
“If playing smart is cheating, then does that make something like predicting
your opponent’s next move in chess cheating as well?”
“T-that’s……”
--In Sora’s previous world, card counting was indeed considered a form of
cheating, but he decided not to mention that.
“Speaking of cheating, your [deliberate shuffle tracking] would be a far more
appropriate case.”
--------eh.
“Y-you noticed!?”
Sora’s wry face seemed to ask if she really thought he hadn’t.
“It’s something Shiro’s already caught me doing countless times. Well, thanks
to that it was easy for me to count as well.”
Sora, who had at heart truly wished to lose, spoke with a sigh.
Naturally transitioning from ‘sit’ to ‘lie down’, Steph flopped onto the ground.
Not only had her cheating been uncovered, it had been taken advantage of as
well.
According to the [Ten Oaths], simply being caught should have already
resulted in her loss.
Yet for her [cheating having been used to actively beat her] caused Steph,
while lying down, to wet the ground with her tears.
However, something suddenly flashed through her mind.
--If so, what if they played a game which "truly was reliant on pure luck"?
Wouldn’t she have a chance of winning then?
“……Fufufu……Sora! We’re having another game!!”
Still lying on the ground, Steph looked up and shouted defiantly. It
was a...well— extremely sorrowful sight.
“You……right after what happened this morning? What are you betting for?”
It would have to be something sufficient to make Sora accept in spite of
himself.
“The same as this morning, ‘Make Sora a riajuu’.”
“Alright let’s do it (immediate answer).”
What Steph offered caused all of his compassion to scatter to the winds.
“……Nii, game....details…..”
“Shiro!! Do you think there’s even a million to one chance your Onii-chan
would lose to Steph!?”
“……I will make it, one in a billion……no, a……trillion........”
If the siblings were together, whoever the opponent was, they could see
through everything.
“……Shiro, will, play also……as……『 』.”
--That meant Steph wouldn’t be playing against a half.
If Steph carried out her challenge, it would be against the full might of
"Imanity’s strongest gamer.” Not a
problem, she thought.
Ability is meaningless in a game of pure chance.
Victory would always be 50/50!
“……If Steph, loses……you’ll have to......listen to……one order, of mine.” Steph
probably—didn’t see.
The true face of Imanity’s strongest gamers.
Although seemingly expressionless, the clear fire which burned deep
within their eyes.
“Fufu, I don’t mind. Then let’s do this, the game will be—!!” With
a flourish, Steph pointed to the corner of the road.
“A guessing game on— whether the next person to step past will be a man or
a woman!”
Hearing the game, Shiro thought for a moment then answered.
“……The game.......will be, best……out of……ten. 【Acciente】.” “As
you wish! 【Acciente】!”
Steph was enthusiastic, but Sora.
Heaving a sigh, he looked at Steph with distant eyes.
“W-why——why why whyyyyyyyyyyy!?”
The result was……9-1.
Needless to say, it was a crushing defeat for Steph.
“T-this is wrong! Winning 90% in a game of chance, what did you do!?”
Sora, who had never doubted their win, explained with genuine regret.
“—Did you think that everyone was just aimlessly walking past that corner?”
“……Eh?”
“I’ve been watching the interval of people passing through while we were
having tea this whole time. By taking that trend and factoring it in with the
male-female ratio Shiro calculated factoring population density,
employment rate and work content, it’s possible to determine the malefemale
ratio of people purposefully passing through here.”
“……V..........”
Shiro, who had memorized all of the appropriate data and made all the
calculations off of them mentally, made a V sign.
Seeing that V, Steph finally felt something akin to hostility……but more
importantly—
“A-a-aren’t you taking this way overboard!?”
Going to these absurd lengths just to guess the gender of people appearing
from a corner, just how serious are these two!
——But for Sora and Shiro, when it came to games, that was a foolish
question.
If asked ‘how far will you go’.
There could only be one answer——‘[as far as it takes]’.
“……And, so……”

Shiro, victorious, announced her request as per the bet.
“Steph’s……underwear, confis……cate……” “——heh!?”
“W-what!?”
However, she had already agreed under the Oath.
“Hiii—w-wait, please, change the request!!”
Number six of the [Ten Oaths], "As per the Oath", the wager will be
unconditionally adhered to.
An absolute agreement—there were none who could go against it.
Steph proceeded to remove her panties, protesting all the while.
Paying absolutely no heed, however, Shiro took her panties. As a result,
Steph was now crouched down on all fours, nopan[6] and face completely
red.
The one panicking all over, however, was Sora.
“Hey, m-my little sister! Isn’t this very dangerous in various ways!?”
“……Shiro is……an 11……year old child, so……I wouldn’t, know……” Saying so,
she proceeded to wear Steph’s panties on her head.
Remaining expressionless, she put a finger to her lips and tilted her head.
“Wha—stop with the innocent child act, will you!? It’s way too bright!!!” Not
to mention, the sight of that girl with panties on her head was drawing the
attention of everyone passing by.
As a result, Steph’s panties were displayed for all the world to see……
How—how terrifying. What a terrifying child—Shiro!!
However, Sora, feeling a sense of mercilessness from his younger sister,
spoke.
“H, hey, for some reason, Shiro, you seem particularly severe today? Are you
in a bad mood?”
“……Not, really……?”
His asking that question, however, seemed to have put her in one.
Looking bored, Shiro responded with lidded eyes.
When Steph had risen against Sora, who had commanded her to ‘fall in love’.
She had requested not for ‘the command’s cancellation’, but for ‘Sora to
become a citizen’.
……the reason behind that should have been obvious with a bit of thinking.
“……Fuu……”
Still in a bad mood, that 11 year old girl went back to reading.
Yet it seemed she had been the only one who had had that on her mind.
--Meanwhile.
Still dressed as a dog, and now missing her underwear, was Steph.
"Fu, fufu......this is nothing......that day when I lost to Sora, I had already
given up my chastity......"
Father, mother, grandfather......
Your Stephanie has been stained.
Fufu, ufufufufufu. As Steph laughed under her breath, she turned to face Sora.
"H, hey Shiro, as I thought, this really feels bad--I mean, that look of hers is
scary."
"......she's, fine......"
She really didn't seem fine, but Shiro asserted so with panties still firmly
on her head.
All of a sudden, Steph fell to the ground again while pressing down her skirt.
As she once again watered the ground with her crying, something flashed
through her mind again.
Strange--there's absolutely no way a true game of pure chance doesn't exist
in this world.
(That's right. In that last game......Sora and Shiro were off once as well!) A
prediction is, in the end, still just a prediction.
Precisely because of that unreliability, Shiro had specified it was to be 'best
out of ten'.
If so----!
"S-s-Sora! A, a-another match, another!!"
Declining to stand up, probably due to her lack of panties, Steph said this in a
flustered voice.
"I, I pass......say, are you really all right?"
Already being forced to act like a dog, now with her underwear removed.
Pushing the boundary any further than this would definitely turn things
into something R18.
But Steph spoke strongly.
"I don't mind!! If temporary defeats like this are the price for bringing you
two down, it's far too cheap!!"
A glimpse of how Elchea had been pushed this far to the brink could be seen.
"......Is, is that so. Then with the same conditions, what's the game?"
"We'll guess how many seconds it takes for that bird over there to fly away,
and the closest is the winner--and we'll [only play once]!!"
With another flourish, Steph pointed.
"Craw."
Perched on a house roof was a white rat--or maybe a pigeon.
(You, 『 』, who won't accept a defeat...when facing a single game of
chance-- what will you do!)
In all likelihood, they simply wouldn't accept the challenge.
But even that's fine. If this will allow her to close the gap between them--!
Yet contrary to Steph's expectations, Sora nodded leisurely.
"All right. Same wager as before. 【Acciente】-- yes, what?"
"Eh, um, 【Acciente】.....th-then-- 30 seconds!"
Caught off guard by his ready acceptance, Steph hesitated momentarily.
--Still, she was certain that there was no way the bird would remain there for
more than a minute.
Therefore, she simply hedged her bets and conservatively guessed the
middle value.
Steph looked up expectantly.
However, as if he wasn't even listening, Sora spoke as he picked up a rock.
"Then--three seconds for me."
He then immediately made an overhead throw.
"......huh!?"
The rock, thrown at full force, whizzed right past the pigeon.
With an explosive flap, the startled bird took off. "......Right......it's
Nii's...victory."
Without even looking up from her book, Shiro spoke, panties still firmly on
her head.
Steph raised her voice in fierce protest.
"W-w-wait just a moment!!! Isn't that cheating!?"
Sora was fully aware of his own actions, however.
"I don't believe any rule had been set which [disallowed provoking the bird
into flight]?"
"Wha--"
"If you don't properly set the rules of the game, things like this will happen."
How, how childish—however much, aren’t these siblings far too childish!?
Sora, going back to his book and leaning into his chair, spoke seriously.
“—There is [no such thing as luck] in this world.”
“……eh?”
No...such thing?
At that far too sensible view, Steph frowned.
“Rules, premises, wager, physiological state, ability, timing, condition……all of
these countless ‘invisible parameters' have already decided victory or defeat
before the game has even begun. There is nothing left to chance.”
Chance.
It was nothing more than a word used for an unforeseen, unpredicted result.
“For example, let’s see……let’s say a card was drawn out of a deck.”
His eyes never leaving his book, Sora continued speaking fluently.
“What’re the chances that the card is the ‘Ace of Spades’?”
“……Um, there are 52 cards in a deck, so it should be 1/52.”
“That’s how it would be normally. Now however, what if you were drawing
from the bottom of a new pack?”
“……huh?”
“The initial order of cards in a new pack is set. In other words, when you take
a fresh pack without jokers, if you draw the card from the bottom of the deck
you will be guaranteed an ‘Ace of Spades’.”
“Eh, b-but……”
Steph tried desperately to refute him.
“That’s right, I hadn’t told you it was a new pack—so you didn’t know, did
you?
However, as if saying that was the point, Sora kept going.
“That’s exactly it. If you’re aware, that ‘1.92%’ becomes ‘100%’. The one
who doesn’t know will blame bad luck, and the one who does know will
walk away with the definite win.”
He spoke with a sigh.
“Do you get it? There’s always a way to win a game. That was why you lost to
me in Blackjack. That’s also the reason [Imanity has been losing until now] —
“
And then—
With a sullen face, Sora declared.
“—The reason why we’re being ‘checkmated’.”
…………eh?
Checkmated?
“This past month, we’ve been going through countless books that cover the
whole country, but there’s hardly anything with information on the other
races. There’s not an exploit to be found. Good grief, just what have you guys
been doing……”
“Eh, uhm……what, do you mean?”
“—Hm, did you think we were simply spending the past month in our room
playing games?”
“Most obviously, of course, right?”
Steph asserted without a doubt.
Well, whatever, Sora muttered as he proceeded.
“For example, let’s say we challenged the nekomimi kingdom—er, the
Eastern Union.”
Evidently he hadn’t given up on that yet.
“However, about all that Imanity knows about them is that werebeasts
have some sort of sixth sense.”
“Y, yes……something like being able to read the heart, or the like……”
“If they can do that then bluffs will fall flat, and bargaining would also be
impossible.”
Ranked dead last at 16th of the 16 races of the ‘Exceed’, Imanity had no
magic powers or special abilities whatsoever.
Meaning that in order to fight and win against the other races who could use
‘paranormal abilities’—
“Without adequate ‘intel’ on the enemy, we can’t even begin to consider a
game.”
Yet in spite of that—the information Imanity had on the other races was far
too little.
Naturally, since if they were found out it’d be a disadvantage, the other races
would be hiding their abilities.
For all that however, it was still far too little.
Their complaint against the books to be found in the libraries stemmed
from that fact.
Nothing is known of the opponent’s games, nor their abilities.
But the other side knew perfectly well just what Imanity was capable of—
meaning.
The playing field of those ‘invisible parameters’ was completely uneven.
If they went ahead and fought without that vital information, it’d end in
‘certain defeat’.
For the exact same reason Steph was always completely crushed by Sora—
an undoubtable, definite loss.
“And so, we’ve been completely unable to find an opening to determine our
angle of attack and just been sitting around the past month.”
Closing his book, Sora said so.
“S-still.”
Sora’s cold words denounced the fruitless efforts of her grandfather.
Unable to let that go unchallenged, Steph painfully retorted.
“E, even so, if nothing is ever done we won’t ever begin!”
But.
Sora’s words held no emotion in particular.
“Hey……if we screw up [even once], [everything’s over].”
Yet his voice rang with a pressure equal to that which held Steph down on
the ground.
“—This is how far gone we are. Don’t forget.”
--One moment.
It truly was for just one moment.
Yet in that moment Steph clearly saw, the ‘frustration’ which fluttered
across Sora’s face.
Such behavior was rarely displayed, so the truth was easily looked past.
Yet it was a fact now that the fate of Imanity, a full three million people, were
burdened upon the shoulders of these siblings.
The ones who had indirectly bested the Elves, without a doubt the greatest
gamers Imanity had.
Those two had said--'checkmated'. The
meaning, the weight.
Only now did Steph begin to understand the pressure the two must feel.
--That by their own two hands, they could be the *end of millions of lives*.
Carrying such a heavy burden--realizing that, Steph could only draw in a
breath.
Sora began fiddling with his task scheduler once more.
"--Even after all this we don't have a single 'key' which would lead to a
breakthrough. Sheesh, what to do"
Being so nonchalant though, they had some tremendous nerve.
Steph felt a chill--
......When.
A shadow fell, and turned the surrounding day to night
"......What? Why's it suddenly......dar--"
Sora glanced around.
Even Shiro opened her lidded eyes, and took the donut from her mouth.
Looking up, the clear blue sky was no more.
Instead, as if gouged straight from the earth--a huge rock was floating there.
"Wha, what the hell is that......?"
Wow, so Laputa really exists.
Such thoughts flitted across Sora's mind.
No matter how you looked at it, it was ripped straight from a certain anime.
A giant island, floating in the sky.
--Come to think of it.
The moment they had come to this world, as they fell through the sky, they
had seen plenty of such drifting islands.
......So in this world, they're actually a familiar sight.
Only Sora and Shiro had been surprised; everyone else was just
disinterestedly walking down the road.
"......This world really is something else......this pace is also a 'bit much'." As
the two of them continued staring up in a daze, Steph finally noticed. "Ah,
this is your first time seeing it isn't it."
She then followed their gaze.
"That, is 'Avant Heim'--one of the Phantasma species."
Now that she mentioned it, if one looked closely.
What had looked like just a bare rock, actually had fins sticking out of it.
It looked--almost like a giant whale, and yet not quite.
A question sprang to mind.
"--Those in this world who are allowed to infringe on things like the *right
to sunlight* and *right to airspace*--those 'Phantasma'?"
16 Races
"Yes. One of the 'second ranked' of the Exceed."
The Exceed.
Prescribing to the 'Ten Oaths' god had set down, the 16 intelligent species.
Pointing towards the sky, or rather the (for now) Laputa, Sora yelled.
"Is that really an *intelligent lifeform*!? How the heck does it play games, hell
how does it even communicate in the first place!? If Pa** had said not only
'Laputa exists' but 'Laputa talks', even his old man would have looked at him
with pitiful eyes!!"
"......I don't get half of what you just said, but well, it's useless."
Steph spoke flatly.
"Imanity can't even win against the 'Flügel' who live on it."
"Flügel--A, Aah, 'Avant Heim'......So that's it?"
Laputa continued on past the street.
As Sora watched the Phantasma 'Avant Heim' drift away.
It had disappeared from his mind due to the surprise, but.
Something written in the books he had been reading before sprang up.
--Ranked 6th of the 'Exceed'--'Flügel'.
In the former Great war they had been created by the gods to kill gods, the
vanguard. They were born for battle.
After the 'Ten Oaths', their combat capability had ostensibly been sealed.
Despite a lifespan bordering on eternal, and their high magic affinity, their
only territory remained a soaring sky city.
Because of that they did not participate in the border betting 'country
gambling' but due to their thirst for knowledge in order to collect
information from tribes all over the world, meaning books, they often
played games on a personal individual scale.
For Imanity, whose betting pool was now limited.
They were one of those who could be led out by the bait of Sora and Shiro's
'knowledge from another world'.
They had been the race Sora had kept an eye out on foremost since coming
to this world.
However.
"......Getting those Flügel on our side would be great and all, but we don't
have any way to contact them huh."
More sought after even than--the kemonomimis.
Information with which they could take on all the other races--the 'Bounty of
the Flügel' was beyond priceless.
Imanity in this world however possessed no flight technology.
There were no means by which to contact 'Avant Heim'.
And with all said, publicly announcing the 'knowledge of another world' Sora
and Shiro possessed was also no good.
It was still too early to reveal that trump card Elchea--that Sora and co
possessed.
Hearing Sora's troubled mutters, 'Eh?' went Steph.
"If you have business with the Flügel, there's one nearby, you know?"
............------
"--What, was that?"
"Rather, I guess......it's better to say there's one staying here?" No,
wait, wait, wait, Sora cried.
"In all the libraries of the country, I never once read something about that!?"
"Well, the Flügel had already lifted any such noticeable books from Elchea
after all."
--Faintly, Sora recalled a sense of vertigo.
However his lidded-eyed sister must be feeling the same thing.
Barely able to stand, he urged her on.
".....T, tell us more."
"Um......Five years ago, one of the Flügel came to the nation's largest library,
the 'Great National Library of Elchea', and ended up winning all the books in
there......was what happened."
I seee~~♪
So that's why Elchea has barely any information at all, I guess~~♥
"You idiots [bet knowledge and practically put it on a silver platter], are your
heads screwed on right!? Rather, [who's was it to bet] in the first place!?"
If they had no knowledge--no 'information', they could not hope to overcome
the other countries.
Betting like that would be similar to throwing away your sword and
shield before a fight.
To say the least, 'pure stupidity'.
Even passersby stopped in surprise, as the target of that outburst, Steph,
attempted a flustered response.
"T-th, the one who gambled was my grandfather, he thought it'd be a g, good
idea......"
But Sora would not be stopped.
"What had been the 'bet'!?"
"Uh, umumumum, i-if he won, 'that Flügel would become our ally' or so I
heard!"
--So he had been trying to obtain a friend with more knowledge than
Imanity. To Sora, those were actually not bad conditions.
Yes, not bad at all. What was bad was--
"So he went ahead and lost, depriving us of basically all our
knowledge!!!!!?????"
Tearing at his head, Sora shrieked at Steph.
"Did he not at least consider the consequences if he lost!? Make copies of the
manuscripts or anything!?"
"......T, that's, um......due to the budget......"
"Budget!? What the HELL did the budget have to do with this!!"
Panties still firmly on her head, Shiro whispered to her unknowing brother.
"...... Nii...... Elchea...... paper, tech...... and, literacy...... rate."
"Eh, ah, r-right."
As someone who lives in modern Japan, this may sound unbelievable but.
The literacy rate back in 15th century Europe was--barely 10%.
They knew from the data that Elchea was similar in that respect.
Added to that without the technology to mass produce paper, making
manuscripts would have been a massive budgetary constraint--
"......Steph, after we've translated some memos into your language, please
give them the highest priority."
Heaving a heavy sigh, Sora stood up.
"Ah, of course......what memos?"
"Blueprints for 'paper mass production' and the 'printing press'......"
At that however Shiro, with lidded eyes and panties firmly on head, doled out
blame.
"......Nii......cheating, again."
"Sorry Shiro, but not having this would be [more strange]."
Entering another task into his mobile, Sora sighed again.
So Steph, who had a personal library collection.
Was actually really well educated for these times......but.
In this world where everything was decided by games.
"How in the world do you play games if you *can't even read or write*. Is
humanity even trying?"
"Knowing six or 18 languages like you guys is far more weird!"
"Don't be stupid! If we're going to face off against foreign powers, knowing
six languages should be the [bare minimum]!"
Finishing all that in one breath, Sora was left panting.
"--N, never, mind. Steph." "Y-yes?"
"According to our references, the [Flügel traditionally, only play, one game]."
Regarding the Flügel--the information about the game was missing.
Therefore Sora had only really been looking for a confirmation, and Steph
nodded.
"Then, the next task, is clear."
He slid his finger across the scheduler--then entered.
"If we make good speed, by leaving now we can be back by evening. Steph,
call a carriage."
"Eh, alright?"
As he spoke, Sora once again checked the new task entered into the phone. --
'Retrieve Imanity's knowledge'.
".....Well, guess I may as well add this too." Sora's
fingers danced again.
"Uh, 'obtain one Flügel'......should do it."
Just earlier.
The race Steph had declared it was 'impossible to win against'.
Ranked 6th--the god killers.
He was quite comfortable about it too.
As Steph stared stunned at Sora's back, who had declared 'it could be done'.
Sora, taking Shiro's hand, walked forth.
Chapter 2 - Unexpected Move/One Move
Part 1
An hour passed since the departure of the carriage.
They were in the suburban area, quite a distance away from the heart of
Elchea. Nevertheless, after passing by what seemed to be a school dormitory
built on a hinterland, they arrived at their destination, "The National Library
of Elchea".
Dismounting from the carriage, Sora looked up and blurted a word out.
".....Humongous..."
The first impression the building gave off was akin to that of the Library of
Congress, located in Washington, D.C.
It was the largest library in Sora's world, where millions of books were
stored. Currently, the building ahead of them was no less inferior.
A beautiful and luxurious masterpiece, rivaling the King City in Elchea.
Looking at the magnificent library, people couldn't help but re-evaluate
their views on the human species of this world.
Although it was a majestic library,—
".....In the end.....it was all easily taken away...."
"Guu, guuu....."
Wearing underwear on her head, Shiro spouted out these piercing words.
Steph (dog, nopan) could only lower her head in silence.
"St, stop reminiscing about the past already! Also, I have a question!"
Steph suddenly spoke up, using a heavy tone.
"Okay, what is it, then? Stephanie-san."
"Haven't I told you that challenging against unfamiliar races is very
dangerous?
The Flügel
Moreover, the opponent is The Heavenly Winged, who are ranked sixth. Is it
really okay for us to fight against that kind of monster without any
preparation!?"
.....She probably felt that this question was appropriate.
But to Sora, it reaffirmed her position as being the usual Steph.
".......It's alright."
"—Eh? Wh, why?"
"I.......in order to win in Word Connector, no amount of knowledge can help
you."
"EH?"
"Never mind, let's go."
Opening the pair of entrance doors, they entered the library.
Inside the library, there were bookshelves piled up against the wall and
ceiling, inevitably defying the laws of gravity.
There were numerous light orbs floating in the air and bookshelves that
were tens of meters tall, constructing a maze-like situation filled with a
fantasy-like
atmosphere.
"How amazing......sorry, I must apologize, the human species is rather
incredible in this world."
".....Un....."
Sora couldn't help but feel dizzy just by imagining the amount of books
stored here. Even Shiro was dumbfounded.
Collecting such a large amount of books was by no means easy.
Even if it was in their original world, having that many books in any
library would be rare.
But Steph made an apologetic expression before saying—
"Uh.......unfortunately, the books here weren't really stockpiled by humans."
".........Why?"
"I guess when this library was taken away, the books in here increased,
that........when I came here as a student, the books weren't even one percent
of all this."
"............The admiration I momentarily had for humankind is now gone."
——However, if you thought about it, it was simply impossible.
Because it was impossible for humans to create bookshelves that defied the
laws of gravity.
"Oh......okay, so where can we meet the Angel-sama?"
Walking past the awe-inspiring library books, a light suddenly shot
downwards.
They all shifted their gaze towards the light source—— before standing still
as if they were frozen.
——They saw an [Angel]
A body that exuded an overwhelming sense of presence.
There was a girl, who had a geometrical pattern of light resembling a halo
on her head.
From her waist appeared wings that radiated a faint glow, and that by an
aerodynamic point of view, were too small to allow the body to float.
Her hair was flowing even though they were in a windless indoor room——
And whenever her hair swayed, it would reflect light like a prism, almost
resembling a rainbow.
Her eyes were slightly open, but when Sora made eye contact with her.
Sora felt [Death], for the first time since he came into this world.
When he stared into her eyes—— he could feel that there was a killing
intent, making Sora feel that if this fairy-like girl did so much as lift a finger, it
would kill him, regardless of any attempt of his to escape or beg for mercy.
The Flügel
(This is The Heavenly Winged?— ranked sixth?)
—In order to annihilate God—— to wipe out God from the world, a weapon
created by Gods.
(This would probably be how it feels like to have machine guns pointed at
you.)
Even the emotionless Shiro huddled her body and firmly grasped onto Sora's
arm.
Steph sat on the floor, her teeth chattering, fighting back against the instinct
to cry out.
The existence that was causing all of this fright was silent, focusing intently
on Sora and company.
"————........."
Just when everyone was still frozen in place.
The Flügel
The Angel—— The Heavenly Winged girl.
Slowly opened her amber-colored eyes—— and said.
"Excuse me, the Person there, come Me library for What?" [7]
——......This sentence.
"Wow........that ruined the atmosphere."
Steph suddenly fainted, while Sora (who was going to suffer from a systemic
collapse) reluctantly muttered this.....
Part 2
"Gu, erm, let me introduce myself, I am—"
After Sora regathered his spirit, he began talking, so as to set the pace.
However——
"Elchea's new King & Queen. Sora-sama and Shiro-sama, right?"
The Flügel
The Heavenly Winged girl replied first.
".......Oh, so you know about us already."
"Well, it's because I signed up for human newspapers. Cong——ah!
Congratulations to both of you for becoming the new king."
"........She corrected herself....."
Shiro (underwear on head) criticized, but her hand still clutched onto Sora's
arm tightly, refusing to let go.
——Even though violence was prohibited in this world, she was still afraid.
It was like administering anesthetic to a lion, yet the person was still afraid
to approach the slumbering beast.
But it did not seem this way to Sora.
"I say, that manner of speaking reminds me of a certain well-known figure. If
that is not your normal style of speaking, could you refrain from doing that?"
Sora's accusation seemed to have hurt her greatly.
The HeavenlyTheFlügelWinged girl hung her shoulders in disappointment.
"What I spoke in just now was the self-created language that Avant Heim
used, I'd never expect it to be known that soon."
But she quickly changed her sulking face.
"Seyanaa~[8], so why are you here?"
".......Oi, wasn't that your original way of speaking before? Why are you
changing to a Kyoto dialect?"
"I've never heard of Kyoto, but this is the archaic lingua franca used by
humans...you don't like it?"
"Yes, that way of talking will really piss someone off, and we won't be able to
talk anymore."
"Guuu, I rarely have guests here, so it's a great opportunity for me to show off
my knowledge. I'm really sorry."
The Flügel's
The Heavenly Winged eyes started to tear up and she now carried a dejected
look, contradicting the majesty that they had exuded before the Oaths.
"In any case, please use a normal tone for speaking, okay?"
"Oshikayee."
"Goodbye."
The Flügel
Sora turned his back and prepared to leave, but The Heavenly Winged
immediately grabbed onto his jeans and pleaded tearfully:
"Ahhhh! Sorry! I'm so sorry! I don't get many visitors, so I thought I would
have some fun. I'll serve you tea and snacks, so please don't go away!"
Part 3
In a fantasy-like setting where light and bookshelves intertwined, a corner
in the grandiose library.
The Flügel
There was tea and other refreshments. Sora, Shiro and The Heavenly Winged
girl sat around the table for tea.
Steph was still unconscious, so they had no choice but to let her sleep in a
nearby place.
The Flügel
As if wanting to reintroduce herself, The Heavenly Winged lightly coughed.
"——That, I don't need to mention that I'm The Heavenly Winged that is able
to speak in sixteen languages and is also proficient in seven hundred kinds of
archaic language, so what can I do for the King of Imanity."
"...............Ah, okay, that."
Deciding to give up on beating around the bush, Sora immediately
answered the purpose of his trip.
"I'll be direct, I want you to hand this library to me."
.......
—— A moment of silence.
After hearing what Sora said, the girl picked up her teacup.
"So you want to challenge me as the representative of human race?"
"Yes, that is correct."
Then, with her goddess-like eyes.
"Is that so.......but this library is filled with all the books that I had collected,
The Flügel
for us The Heavenly Winged that strongly values knowledge, the books that
are stored here can be said to be equal to our life——"
She then squinted her eyes.
"Since I used my life as a bet, what do you have that can be used for this
game?"
Taking a sip of tea, she stared at Sora with sharp eyes, momentarily emitting
out [Killing Intent], Steph who was supposed to have fallen unconscious,
uttered out an "Eek~" .
—But after thinking about the [Ten Oaths], and the fact that he had
experienced the same thing once before.....
Sora was completely immune to her [Killing Intent].
" 40000 volumes of——— [The other world's books]."
"*Puiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii*~~~~~~~~~~~~!?"
The girl sprayed the tea from her mouth, her killing intent completely
dissipating.
"How ru, rude.......... so, sorry for the reaction."
"...... Dirty...... "
Her face showered with tea, Shiro protested, while Sora gave a thumbs up.
"It's okay, this is a good sign."
Sora answered with a bright smile.
"Hav, having said that, four, fourty thousand........you sure love to joke,
where, where do you keep that many books—"
The Flügel
The Heavenly Winged girl was barely able to keep herself from fainting.
Taking out the tablet, Sora replied:
"There exist electronic information in this—— is that more
understandable? This is filled with forty thousand volumes of an [Other
world's book]."
"—— What....!?"
The girl widened her eyes and stared at the tablet on Sora's hand, as if
looking for a hole in it.
"I stored the books inside for learning, there are encyclopedias, medical
books, philosophy books, science and mathematics—— we have the
majority of the knowledge that our previous world had collected."
Listening to what Sora had described, the girl gazed at him with suspicion
and said:
"....You are saying, that you are from another world"
"Yes."
"You are—— lying."
"Eh? Strange?"
Why? Steph believed it as soon as they told her—
"Indeed, the elves specialises in summoning magic, and although a small
amount, I do have a collection of "Outsider"'s books. Nevertheless, to
summon a [Living] one, a large amount of force is required in order for them
to remain in this world. Even with the power of the gods, summoning people
from another world is difficult."
——Hearing till here.
Sora turned towards Steph who was lying on the ground:
"...... Steph, you can stop pretending, can you please answer my question."
"Gu, guuuuu...... spot, spotted already...... ?"
"It's different from what you said, wasn't it common for people from other
worlds to appear?"
"I, I'm not that knowledgeable with that kind of magic..........eh? It's
impossible to summon someone from a different world?"
..........In the future, refrain from taking Steph's words into consideration.
After Sora had noted it down, he started thinking about how to make the
other party believe him when——
"—— But, if that is really the case, it does really explain how the human
species could beat an elf in a game."
Before Sora even started, the girl had already given him a chance to prove
himself.
"Can I see some kind of evidence?"
"Evidence huh........anyways, you should see this."
Under the girl's watchful eyes, Sora operated the tablet and called out the
application for books.
He then proceeded to open a book.
".........Oh wow, this is a language I have yet to see......and it doesn't appear
to be randomly concocted out."
The Flügel
As expected of The Heavenly Winged who were well versed in seven
hundred kinds of language.
Just by glancing, she spotted that there was a clear regularity in the text.
"— Although I've seen a similar language, but....... there is a language that I
don't know, a world that is unknown........... encyclopedia.......... specialised
books......... knowledge, all in this thin box, forty for.................
forty
thousand
—— hehheheheheh."
"Whoa! Saliva! Your saliva!"
The girl that was engrossed with the screen suddenly realised that saliva
was dripping out of her mouth, before quickly wiping it away.
"How ru, rude..........I am too careless."
"Then, with this as the bet, what do you think?"
Pondering for a while, the girl immediately said.
"—yes, if what you said was really true."
"I thought so too, this much is not enough right."
This could also be a pseudo-book written based on an artificial language.
In order to prove that the knowledge in the tablet was completely true, the
only way is to——
"Can the both of you prove that you are residents from a different world?"
——There was only this.
"Honestly I also have no idea, I am a virgin! My sister as you can see is a child!
I can't even grasp the slightest differences between the humans here and us,
so I don't know, how we are different from Imanity!"
...........He spoke confidently, albeit cluelessly.
"You should've more knowledge than I do right? Unless you are unable to tell
us and the humans here apart too?"
After listening to Sora, she carefully observed Shiro and Sora, before
comparing them with Steph.
"—— Sora-sama's skin, and Elchea's people have a slight difference, but
Shiro-sama is a bit too white......I want to confirm it, but could you let me
touch your body?"
"——Well........that depends on the location.'
Sora said, on alert.
"I want to touch your erogenous zone."
"Then I shall give you my permission, also, please don't stop even when you
are satisfied!"
Sora replied without a moment of hesitation, but there was someone who
was unwilling.
".....Nii, 18 years....."
"Wu, wuuu........that's right...........but this proposal is really too attractive....."
The Flügel
However, with a demeanor akin to a physical body examiner,
The Heavenly Winged flatly said:
"Every living thing in this world contains traces of Elemental, without
exception, —— okay, to be much more direct, if I can confirm where the
nerve cells centralise in, I can detect what kind of Elemental you have."
"........(Stares~)"
".......(Stares~)...."
Shiro and Steph used cold eyes to glare at Sora.
"Guu..........I shall strip off that prohibition! Also—"
Sora started proposing out another condition.
"Since I allowed you to feel it, you must let me feel your erogenous zone!"
"Okay, I'll be in your care."
"Hm? I can!?"
———…........
(Stroking, stroking...) "I say......"
"Yes? Is the feeling not to your liking?"
"No, un, it feels comfortable. Right, so comfortable it's almost shocking."
Actually, this was a different feeling than rubbing Steph's chest.
There was an incredible feeling, that someone wouldn't let go.
Although the case.....
"But, this feeling of betrayal—— I just cannot agree...."
The Flügel
Sora while stroking on The Heavenly Winged girl's— [Feather] said. On
the other hand, what the girl touched was Sora's [Nipple]. "Ohya, isn't
this the erogenous zone?"
"I can say that as a man, if they admit that that was the erogenous zone, they
will have to question their gender. In addition, what I wanted you to touch is
located somewhere else."
(Stroke Stroke)
".......Un, please don't do it that accurately, I might make strange sounds."
"..........Wuuun."
——After seeing her like that. Sora gave a
glance to Shiro.
"My little sister, I'm only feeling the feathers, how is that?"
".......Un, very healthy...."
This must be the so-called great minds think alike.
Even before Sora had begun opening his mouth, Shiro had already prepared
her smartphone to videotape.
"Since it's so rare to have this opportunity, I'll enlighten you, but I've already
read up on everything related to H-game technology."
Sora said as his fingers positioned themselves to the root of her feathers,
before sliding upwards against her feather.
In the midst of the journey, the feathers started beating about.
With that point as the center, Sora moved his hands and unleashed his full
powers.
"Hiya! Ah—— erm.....
sorry......
... that, I
can't..
...... concentrate...... please........ ahhh......... have mercy...... "
"Ah.....un, this is not bad."
"...... Nii, angle...... I want......... her reaction......... "
"Ah, roger, director. Here."
"Ahhhh—!"
The Flügel
"......The Heavenly Winged........what are the siblings doing....."
Steph couldn't help but say: "Meeting these two, even God's weapons can
become the object of sexual harassment?" Steph also started to generate
more respect for the two.
The Flügel
Just like that, this process continued until The Heavenly Winged was too
exhausted......
Part 3
"Uhmmm, then firstly—"
After tidying up her clothes, the girl sat back on the chair and covered up her
originally flustered face.
"Please forgive my rudeness, I have viewed the two of you as an inferior
human race, therefore I did not introduce myself. My name is
Jibril.......pleased to meet you."
The Flügel
Proclaiming herself to be Jibril, The Heavenly Winged girl bowed her head
apologetically.
".....Steph."
"Ah, yesh, what is it?"
"......In this world, how low are humans in the social hierarchy?"
"I'll be unreserved—— we are the lowest."
Then The Heavenly Winged girl—— Jibril let out a sweet smile while
correcting Steph.
"Why don't you say that you are just beings that are acknowledged as
『Monkeys with the ability to speak』?"
Without a hint of malice, Jibril nonchalantly continued.
"Ah, furthermore I am not interested in normal humans, because I've already
made a thorough investigation, not to mention I'm already bored of looking
at the documents, so.......gu, that person.........Staph-san is it?"
"It is Steph! Ah, wait, I'm Stephanie Dora!"
"Whatever, I'll just call you Dora-chan."
"What!?"
"I'm not interested in Dora-chan, so could you please find a spot and idle
around"
Jibril without a change of expression delivered such words.
"......Can I cry now?"
Steph (nopan) who was ordered to be a dog, started tearing at her lacrimal
gland
"......About that, I can't really protest...."
However, in objection to Jibril's apology, Sora raised out another issue.
"So to say, we are not from the human race?"
"No, how do I describe.......basically, I can't detect any 『sort』 of Elemental
in both of your bodies."
Using her fingertips to light up a small candle, she let Sora see what exactly
was [Elemental].
"Even if you have it, I probably don't have the means to detect it.....in order
words, both of you are not defined as an 『Organism』 in this world—— but
your composition should be that of human."
Which means.......
What could it possibly mean?
"........Otherwise.......?"
Self-questioning.
A speck of light could be seen in Jibril's eyes, before she excitedly cried out.
"You are an 『Unknown』!!"
"Ahhh, there isn't something more exhilarating than『Unknowns』!"
She clasped her hands together and faced the sky as if praying.
"Unknown—— an unknown in the making! He who does not exist in this
world, and furthermore an original, able to produce knowledge of things not
of this world! Yet I dare to compare them with the inferior human race, I
sincerely apologise to the two of you!"
——To be classified as a species not of human, Sora had a complicated
feeling.
"——Well, whatever, so this proves that we are not from this world right?"
"Oh, yes, then—— regarding your challenge to me."
"Un."
"Of course I'll accept, and my bet is—"
Jibril stopped for a moment.
"——Hm? What was it again?"
".......Didn't you hear what I said?"
"Sor, sorry......It looks like I was so shocked that I forgot what we discussed
earlier."
Sora started getting impatient and coldly stared at her, in which Jibril
hurriedly replied:
"So, sorry! The bet will be——『My everything』!?"
"What?"
From handing out her library to jumping three stages higher, Steph
couldn't help but shout out.
Even Sora was thinking in his mind [.......What? Is it real?]
But thinking about the huge profit he would reap, Sora decided to silently
observe the situation.
"Do, don't look at me like that, I am one of the 8 representative member for
『Avant Helm』 okay? If I could, I do want to bet my whole country, but is
this condition okay?"
.......Well.........it was quite unexpected.
Sora originally wanted to only request the items inside the library, and
maybe even keep Jibril for himself, but——
"Is, is it not enough? To be honest, this doesn't equate up to 40000 books
right. Can I request for you to wait for a while? I'll go back to Avant Heim
and take control of the council members, before coming back with
everything The Heavenly Winged has! So please don't hand the books to
anyone else —"
"How long will that take!?"
"Erm...that..... I, I can promise it'll be completed within a hundred years!"
"WON'T WE BE DEAD ALREADY!"
"Kuuuu....... humans sure are weak......"
However this is.......... more than what he wanted—
"——I'm happy it is worth that much, but looks like I'll have to change it...."
Sora whispered to himself, at this time, his eyes were clearly showing that
he was fighting back the greedy demon.
"——No, it isn't necessary to go to that extent, all I want is 『The right to
own Jibril』."
"Eh.....wi, will that really do!?"
Jibril's eyes were glowing with an excited and joyous light.
"Of course I'll accept! Ah, if I win, can I add another condition?"
"Hm?"
"It will be fine if occasionally but, could you come here and have tea? I want
to understand more about you two, that —— whole body, I want to
understand every inch of your bodies.. heh.... hehehheh....."
In an instant, Jibril's expression changed from a sweet smile to an old
man's face.
To be honest Sora, really wanted to take a picture with his phone.
"—You talk as if you are going to win."
"Yes, although unintentionally, but I am going to achieve victory."
It appears that, because she was certain she was going to win, it matters not
what she was going to bet.
With a devilish smile, Sora replied.
"Really? Then if I win, can I add another condition, if possible?" "O?
Okay, since it is impossible for you to win, so please do."
——Okay.
A gap bigger than one needed has just opened.
Yes, to conquer this world——the gap has opened.
Sora let lose a superficial smile, but only Shiro noticed.
Part 4
The company proceeded to move to the playing area—— the center of the
library.
They walked through the fantasy-like library that was like a maze.
En route, Sora asked a question which he had been puzzled with.
"Jibril, why did you take this library in the first place? Didn't this library only
have knowledge about the human race at that time?"
"Ah, yes, my home Avant Heim is on the back of Phantasma——"
Sora thought about the the float——corrections, the sky city.
The Flügel
"Well for The Heavenly Winged, we don't need food and we are semiimmortal,
so getting territories is a trivial thing, but after collecting
knowledge for thousands of years, we started to get troubled by the amount
of books."
"..........oh."
"At that time, the 18 council members decided something, the act of
『Removing all books』"
——Jibril did mention something about the 『18 Flügel council
members』before.
He remembered that it composed of eight representatives, and also includes
The Flügel
someone with special powers, The Heavenly Winged's [Democratic
government]."
"That was the so-called knowledge sharing—— not really sharing but, it was
a crazy act proposed by the members of the council to return the books back
to the land."
Clenching her fist, Jibril started the criticism.
"Of course I opposed! Including me, four others also violently opposed, but
the result was 4:4, and the one with the special powers established it, and so
this hateful law was passed through."
She hung her shoulders, unsatisfied.
"But since I couldn't agree with it, I wanted to have my own stack room, thus
I left the sky city alone."
"—Imanity's knowledge and wisdom hub, was taken away due to this reason
eh....."
Sora murmured, Jibril on the other hand violently protested out.
"Because those were my books! I cared for them, controlled the temperature,
humidity and even help collate those books into bookshelves, and the books
must be sent back due to a law!? Ahhhhhh, how could I let that happen, I'll
never agree to that kind of thing! If not for that prohibition of force by the
God, I would have decapitated the opposi—— oh, okay, we're here."
"How hateful, this girl is scary."
"—I have to remind you, Sora."
Hearing Sora spat out those words, Steph told him:
The Flügel
"The Heavenly Winged may collect information about life now, but in the
past ——"
However, Jibril interrupted her and said it herself.
"Yes, before the 『Ten Oaths』——what we collected were 『Heads』."
As if reminiscing about her happy memories from the past, she revealed a
hearty smile.
"I used to be so young and fit—— everyone used to argue about where
should the heads of Gigants and dragons be placed at. Oh, don't worry, we
had too many human heads to keep count of."
Sora, who subconsciously covered his own neck, said:
"—— It's too misleading to put your names as The Heavenly ones, I
recommend you get rid of it."
There weren't angels, but devils.
——Center of the library.
Bookshelves encased the area to give it a huge circular space.
There were complex geometric patterns painted on a round table in the
center, and a pair of chairs that faced each other from the ends of the table.
"You should know how to play this game, it's 『Word connector』.......except
—— we are using this."
Jibril gently lifted her hand up, and the table started floating.
The patterns on the table started glowing, and then started to shrink.
Afterwards a countless number of magic squares emerged, and in between
the two chairs that faced each other, a crystal floated.
"......This is?"
"We are playing 『Materializing word connector』."
"Please sit."
Sora sat on the chair under her urging, facing head to head with Jibril.
The Flügel
"The Heavenly Winged are a [Fighting race]—— so we aren't good with the
usual games, incidentally, we aren't interested in those kind of games
either."
"—— even with the 『Ten Oaths』, you feel the same?"
"Yeah, playing those kinds of tedious games, we would always think that
[Cutting off this guy's head would be faster, arghh what a pain]......it is a
troublesome oath, I swear one day I am going to give that sly devil——oh, I
just said something horrible didn't I, I'm sorry?"
"""How hateful, this [Race] is scary."""
Seeing Jibril put on such a cute smile, the cheeks of three people started
twitching.
The Flügel
"But sometimes The Heavenly Winged ourselves will have disputes, so that is
when we utilise this game."
Jibril touched the floating crystal in the air.
"The rules are simple, both sides must connect the end of a word to form
another word."
It really is just word connector, but—
" [Using a word that has already been said], [Unable to answer within 30
seconds], [Unable to continue], as long as you fulfill one of the above, you
[Lose]."
Jibril said while having a sweet smile.
"[The most knowledgeable one wins]— this is the method that we who
gathers intelligence use to solve problems."
"..........Well, any form of words in any language is okay?"
"Yes, but mouthing out an entity, a fictional animal, or unimaginable things
that cannot be specified, will result in an [Invalid answer], this must be noted
though."
But for the explanation regarding the condition to fail, Sora had some doubts.
"—What does [Unable to continue] means?
"Because this is materializing word connector....." Jibril
gave a slight smile.
"The word that you mutter out, [Will appear if it isn't present] and [Will
disappear if it is present]——under this rules, we'll conduct this word
connector........so now do you get the idea?"
.......In other words.
If you mouth out gorilla, a gorilla would appear.
Although it was anticipated, it sounded like an interesting game.
"Okay, then what happens if I say [Girl]?"
Jibril gave an expression as if Sora asked a great question. She then
answered:
"Apart from me——your sister and Dora-chan will disappear."
"Not all the girls in this world?"
"Don't be worried, this game doesn't hold that much power."
Jibril bitterly smiled.
"Although the words either materialize or disappear, it merely moves
them into an alternate space only."
......Although temporarily, it still adds an intensity to the people not in the
game.
Jibril continued:
"Technically, it is impossible for any direct interference that causes the
other party to be unable to continue the game."
"So no direct interference would happen to the players ?"
"Yes."
"Then Shiro, come over here."
Shiro started jogging and with a 'bam', planted herself——on Sora's lap.
"Both of us normally play the game together, so if [Girl] was spoken, the only
one who would disappear is Steph right?"
"Eh?"
Steph had a shocked expression on her face.
"In addition, what if it wasn't directly interfering? For example, [Heart] or
[Water] which makes up our body."
Seeing Sora trying to grasp the rules carefully and with prudence, Jibril felt
admiration and smiled, before replying back:
"If that happens, then whatever that constitutes the player will be retained,
but otherwise would disappear. For example, if water was spoken, water
aside from your bodies would disappear, so does the heart ; as a Flügel
myself, my body is generally [Elemental gallery]. so if [Elemental gallery] was
to disappear, my body would not be affected in any way."
Wuuuu...........so that's the case.
"Also, once the game ends everything will be restored, so please don't hold
back, and [Release out your knowledge]."
——With a sweet smile gracing her face, Jibril asked:
"Of course, in the circumstances where you weak humans won't die, can you
satisfy me?"
".......Eh!?"
Having finally understood her predicament, Steph cried out.
"Waitttt! Eh!? Diee!?"
"The game does not affect reality, as long as it ends you may revive?"
"No, wait a moment!?" (You said
die?)
(Just wait a moment!)
"Think rationally, I don't have to be here right!? And only I would be in
danger——"
Disregarding the existence of Steph, Jibril rested her hand on the floating
crystal.
"Okay then—?"
Sora and Shiro followed Jibril and placed their hands on the other side of the
crystal, before responding back.
"Okay——Let's start." "........Give
your all....."
"Listen to meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!" ".....Steph,
sit......"
Under the power of the Oaths, Steph behaved just like a faithful dog and sat.
"AH~~~~~~~~can't escape now! I don't want toooooooo~~~~~~~~!"
The magic started expanding and covered the entire circular space.
——This signified that they had moved towards another space away from
reality.
Meaning that the game has begun.
Part 5
"Okay, I'll give you the privilege to start first, so please choose your favorite
word then?"
"Wuuu, let me think........then we'll....."
While playing with his phone, Sora placed his hand on the crystal and said:
"Start with.......[Hydrogen bomb(suibaku)]"
Instantaneously, an iron block weighing [27 tons] materialized above
their heads.
The object that Sora said, was incomprehensible to both Steph and Jibril.
Moreover, even if they knew, they wouldn't understand it. Sora proceeded to
explain out the word that he said.
After all, it was a weapon created by the humans in Sora's world——the
biggest and worst mistake.
Because it was indeed a—— weapon of mass destruction.
Jibril stared at that object with a blank expression.
The bomb started to fuse and fission fuel compresses, initiating fission —
— detonation.
After heat was generated by the nuclear detonation, neutrons from the
fission of the rod combine with lithium-deuterate, producing out a strong
light.
——Jibril was clueless as to what that was.
However, she was created by gods to kill God, so her Flügel instincts told
her.
——[The approaching light will be capable of annihilating everything].
"——!"
What happened afterwards was a secondary explosion, and she immediately
came to a conclusion after less than one hundred milliseconds.
Jibril placed her hand on the crystal and spoke her next words.
"——[Number 4 distant protection(Kurianse)]!"
Her words as well as the end process of the fusion came at the same time.
——The swelling of heat ball.
In the confined space of the library, [A second sun] was born.
The ultra-high temperature instantly vaporized everything, resulting in a
lethal heat shockwave.
Literally, the building [Disappeared]——
An overwhelming violence capable of scorching everything in a kilometer
radius, as if a tornado swept through a town.
........A mushroom-shaped cloud reached the stratosphere, leaving the library
in [Ruins].
A pothole was created in the world there were in.
——An unharmed Jibril stood there.
"——Satisfied? You can't kill me."
Jibril stared ahead of her.
Sora was boldly smiling, Shiro was still as expressionless as before, while
Steph was so stunned her mouth hung open.
The three were equally unharmed.
"Trying to blow up in the first try? If not for my [Goodwill], this game would
have already been over."
——Correct.
The magic that Jibril shouted out, wasn't intended to protect herself only.
[Number 4 distant protection]——is an elven magic of the highest class.
It was a magic that could expand, protecting Sora and company.
Jibril herself.......was directly hit by the explosion, but she was unharmed.
"Goodwill? Hey, don't say such nice things."
Sora replied back nonchalantly.
"Even if you obtained our knowledge——and just let this game end, this kind
of boring stuff, you simply can't agree with it right. I just wanted to bet on
your [Judgemental skills]."
Which means——consternation while facing against an [Unknown entity],
and ending the game without harvesting any knowledge?
Or protect the two, letting the game continue.
Sora saw through the decision made within the one hundred
milliseconds. Jibril smiled at this thought.
"Although it is within expectations, but it seems that I won't be able to let
you fulfill the condition of being [Unable to continue]."
Gazing into the scenery of the scorched surroundings.
And looking at the unscathed Jibril who got hit by a great force, Sora sighed.
"It's great if you can understand this."
"Looks like we have to find another way to win, since word connector is
easy, there will be lots of methods."
".......Fufu, what an interesting human.....
As if the game had a reset button, Jibril said:
"Then—— please don't make me feel bored okay?"
——The implication of this sentence, even Steph herself understood it
clearly.
Even with such a powerful destructive force, they can't force Jibril to be
[Unable to continue the game].
On the contrary, as long as Jibril is determined, she was ready to force the
siblings to be [Unable to continue].
And it could be easily done, because the fact stands that they are fragile.
This was the [position difference].
The gap between the races, was a wall that was higher than the skies.
Reaffirming this fact, Steph couldn't help but sigh.
——Sora could've intended to end this in one blow.
Using the knowledge of a different world, was probably the strongest known
attack, mutual destruction to end this game. Now that the trick was useless
——
"Rest assured, we won't make you feel bored——[Elemental
gallery(scifrikairou]"
Ignoring the cloud in Steph's heard, Sora readily placed his hands on the
crystal and said.
Although humans can't detect it, but it is the source that all race that uses
magic need, and thus was eliminated.
For Sora to use this move, Jibril was surprised once again.
"This is—— shocking."
The Flügel
"Because this is a newly learnt word, and who could guarantee that
The Heavenly Winged won't use any mind reading magic."
Sora replied with a hippie smile, the worried look Steph thought he had
didn't appear.
As if to confirm it, to use a plan that had no visible results, and when known,
immediately switch to the next trick.
Sora was carrying an unperturbed expression.
"Or it is just convenient?"
Facing against Sora's hippie smile, Jibril replied:
"No............the elemental won't be supplementary, there will be limits to the
body, like being incapable of flight. But these words are unnecessary in word
connector...........so it doesn't matter."
However, Jibril was rendered a bit restless.
"To be exact......... 'm getting a restless feeling."
"Ahh....... like the feeling when your phone doesn't have reception right."
Hearing this line, Jibril wildly looked up as if she heard bells.
"What is a phone!? Is it related to the box just now!? What is reception!?"
"When you win me, I'll tell you——FACE! Your face is too close! And wipe off
that saliva!"
"Ah! Ho, how rude......hehehehe..........forty thousand books from another
world....hehheh——"
Jibril had a slack expression, as if she were a girl imagining about delicious
cakes.
".......Nii, this person."
"Yeah, she exceeded the boundaries of being strange, but she is quite
interesting—— oh, Jibril, hurry, your next one."
"Ah! Rig, right, then I'll choose a trivial one—— [Horse(Uma)]."
In a moment, a horse appeared in the room.
"Eh!?"
'Pururururu'.......the horse was smacking its lips together. Steph couldn't
help but take a step back.
Without any hesitation, Sora followed up:
"Okay, [Pussy (maxxko)]."
""——.....?""
Jibril and Steph.
Both of them had question marks above their heads.
Then, Steph suddenly held onto her clothes and exclaimed out with a
flustered face:
"——Yo,You you, what are you thinking!?"
Sora laughed and replied:
"Well, to play word connector, [Obscene language] is a must, so calm down
abit."
"......... Hu."
Shiro had the same deadpan look, while Jibril was——
"The foul language of Human........ No, from Dora-chan's clueless expression,
this must be from the [Other world], slang of the female genital——! Ahh,
knowledge starting to fill up.....!"
Happily cried out to the skies.
"......This person is also weird, un."
Sora placed his hand on Shiro's waist.
——How?
Shiro was acutely aware of Sora's intention.
She nodded slowly and replied——[Disappeared].
——As long as [No direct interference to force player to be unable to
continue], it is possible to interfere with the players.
"Now things will start to be interesting."
——Steph saw the secret smile that Sora revealed out.
Part 6
————…………
10 minutes had past since the start of the game.
Still continuing with the game, Jibril answered:
"I'm bored of this dusty place already——let's play a little, [Beach(Bi-chi)]."
The scenery instantly transformed from destroyed potholes to a sunny
beach.
There were rocks of complex shapes and beautiful white sand, capable of
putting famous tourist spots in Sora's original world to shame.
And the blue sea which had a glass-like clarity, dazzled the beach even
further.
This must be the ideal [Beach] in Jibril's mind, a scene she thought out.
But—
Sora shaded Shiro from the sun with his hands.
"Ahhhh~! This is indeed a marvelous place, but for Otakus, this sun is
unbearable! [Nipple(chikubi)]."
"But you can hide in the shade over there oh, and to calmly use this
trick...........You seem to be intent on doing some fun things, so let me have a go
too? [Bikini(bikini)]"
Then—— materializing with the words, the women were to put on full bikini
——
——There was change.....but.....
Sora abruptly shouted out:
"Jibril, you don't understand it at all! To change into bikini, you've to
remove the clothing first! It's difficult to find words that would leave the
bikini alone, you don't get it at all!"
Indeed, everyone was wearing bikini.
——However, underneath their clothes.
"Th, that's how it is.....sorry, I didn't realize your intentions——!"
"Yo, you all! Can't you stop fooling around and play this game seriously!?"
Jibril seemed to really admire Sora's remarks and seriously apologised to
him. Steph who couldn't resist it cried out.
However, as if Sora completely ignored the protests of Steph, he continued
the game.
"Nevermind.......then——[Luggage(nimotsu)]."
——For fear of accidentally erasing Steph, Sora carefully thought of other
implications in the word before saying it out. [9]
Only seeing a heavy backpack landing beside him with a loud thud.
"Then.........oh yeah, how about [Whirlwind(tsumuji)]?"
"Yes! Jibril! You passed this time!"
At the same time where Jibril finished her word.
A 'Pa' sound resonated, with god-like speed, the siblings removed their
phones and aimed it at the target.
——A blowing whirlwind started to materialize.
——Lifting up Steph's skirt.
"Oei, whu, what are you!"
——Sora and Shiro together with their continuous shooting mode, started
their high-speed photography of Steph.
"Jibril, it's perfect this time! Because if there weren't any bikini, there will be
a Mature 18 restriction for Steph! Since there is a bikini, it ain't provocative
to look underneath the skirt!"
"Thanks for the praise."
Jibril happily answered with a smile.
Steph pressed down on her skirt while whining out. Ignoring her reaction,
Shiro continued:
"Then——"
A smirk came.
"This will complete it——[Women's clothing(joseifuku)]."
Instantly——his words materialized.
The things that are present will disappear, which means——
Including the bikini, all the women's clothing will disappear——
Needless to say, Steph, Jibril and even Shiro——
For a moment, Steph didn't know what was happening, but after a long
while, the voice of her scream resounded around.
"K———Kyahhhhhhhh!"
Her face flushed, Steph tried to cover her whole body.
——You think this would be Mature 18 restricted right?
But there isn't any problems, because——!
"Ha~~HAHA! How is this? Little sister. The three dimensional world! And
since shoes and socks aren't [Women's clothing].——This means full naked!"
Sora opened his hands widely and looked up at the sky. With a posture of a
demon king, he majestically announced:
"This is both clear and obvious! This is perfectly healthy! Moderate porn! But
not dirty! We'll call this.......yah—— tentatively name it as [Super safe
room]!"
".....Nii, nice job."
The siblings gave thumbs up, while Steph who was being photographed
yelled out.
"You—— what are you doing!"
"Didn't you say we should have some fun? Eh? Isn't this fun?"
"THIS ISN'T FUNNY IN ANY WAYYYYYYY!"
Steph cried out, it was stupid for her to think that Sora was formulating a
plan to defeat Jibril.
Steph's reactions were within Sora's expectations, but Jibril——
".....An in, inquiry."
"Hm?"
"From my observations—— the world both of you are in gauge that being
naked is [Unsoundly]?"
"Un, a great deduction."
"Bu, but for breeding in races, it should be the same as the other world
right?"
The Flügel
".........You didn't limit it to [Humanity], so it's the same for The
Heavenly Winged right?"
Sora casually attempted sexual harassment to Jibril.
But Jibril was so mesmerized that she didn't pay note to that.
"Bu, but if the desires of breeding were [Unsound], then children will be
considered as unsound too, won't this conflict with the breeding process?
Ah, [Clover(Kuroba)]."
Her breathing was getting disorganized, as Jibril (nude) continued to
bombard Sora with questions.
She almost forgot about the [30 seconds rule], so she continued.
For Jibril's claims, Sora could only applaud.
"Impressive, but in our world, your kind of rhetorical question would only
place you as a [Pervert]."
"Ensuring the survival of a race is considered as pervertic!?"
It was akin to being struck by a bolt from the blue. Jibril started clasping her
hand and exposed an 'outer world' expression.
"Ahhhh——interesting, I really want to see, I really want to see the
unreasonable world!"
"..........I can't agree to that point."
Sora felt powerless against her reaction. "Her
reaction sure is boring....."
Sora originally wanted Jibril to distort her elated expression into a shy one
because of the embarrassment.....
As expected—— It isn't good if there wasn't any shame.
Not to mention that Jibril had a body like a masterpiece, a painting that is
hard to replicate——
"......Nii, Steph is more......interesting....."
"Yes, I'll record, Shiro can do the photography."
".....Understood....."
"Hey, what are you doing!"
"No problem, continue upholding your spirit of shame, but don't forget about
your sense of shame too oh."
"I don't understand it at all!!!!"
Part 7
…………————
A few hours later.
The space has already turned into something—— indescribable.
In a jungle-like forest, there were Moais and Pyramids side by side.
And in the center was Sora who was naked, wearing a cowboy hat and
eating curry.
Sitting on his lap was a naked Shiro, who wore cat ears and a scarf while
indulging in a bamboo shoot-shaped cake.
There was also Jibril who whenever got dressed, got forcefully removed by
Sora, thus she was also naked.
As for Steph——
"Babble argh#%$┴≠?▽@+§＆～#→Ψ∞??!"
She was being chased around by an army of Cthulhu, her SAN points almost
reaching 0 [10]
While eating curry, Sora said:
"Nom nom........Jibril, aren't you hungry? [Mantle(mantoru)]."
The Flügel
"Don't mind me, The Heavenly Winged are different from the powerless
human, we don't eat [luiga (ruia-ga）]."
"Ahhhh.
really..... but it should be soon right? The sun is about to set, please
give up okay?"
"——Fufu
The Flügel
rest assured, The Heavenly Winged don't need to rest—"
"I still have an unlimited number of vocabulary, and I want to dig out all the
knowledge both of you have, whether if it take days or months, so please
cooperate with me okay?"
——Jibril replied in a cheerful manner.
Steph could only hear despair for such chilling words, but———Jibril
remarked it in such a cheerful tone.
Sora replied, without a care for her words:
"Ah, but I want to enjoy the morning in my room, so no thanks, ha......[Outer
core(gaikaku)]."
"Really? If you are tired, I don't mind if you deliberately lose! [Clock(kuroko)]."
Jibril continued:
"Anyways, it brings me joy when I see humans struggle."
Jibril said with a smile, but Sora put on a long face.
".........You kept repeating weak and vulnerable, I feel pissed off——
[Creature(kuri-cha)]."
——Just this word.
The Cthulhu-shaped army that was chasing after Steph disappeared.
"——Fu! Fu——Fu——!!......Sa, saved........"
"I, I thought I was going to die". Steph mumbled out while collapsed on the
floor.
On the other side, Sora said:
"Indeed, in the eyes of the Sixth position, we humans are probably ants right?
However, you seem to be underestimating us ants aren't you?"
"I'm sorry, I didn't think that the human species are that——selfconceited.......[Lights(akari)]."
Jibril replied, albeit surprised.
Sora then provoked out a smile, a slightly implicit look of anger.
"If you think that strength and longevity is equal to power, then you are just
a ——[Simpleton]."
——Hearing this word.
A response came from Jibril.
"You say I—— am weaker than humans?"
——Jibril did not hold respect for Sora and the rest.
But the same feeling as being drawn in by her interest in books, mainly
curiosity.
Being told off that she couldn't match up with [Books], was simply
unacceptable.
As if mocking her, Sora continued:
"So-called [Weak], does not refer to the presence or absence of power, but
the inability to accomplish anything—— for example, someone who was only
built for fighting, yet is barred from violence."
"——.......It seems that you are unaware of the position that you are in."
Jibril said, her eyes implying something different—— killing intent.
Yes—— if she wanted, Jibril could force Sora to be [Unable to continue] at
any time.
The reason why she didn't do it, was because she was [Playing], relaxing for
a [Whim] only.
Her gaze implied this: 'Have you forgotten about your position?'
But bearing the full brunt of her gaze, Sora replied:
"Then we'll educate you—— about how weak you are! Prepare."
With his hand resting on the crystal——
"Shiro, ready?"
".....Un....."
Acknowledging her nod, Sora turned to face Steph.
"Steph~ have you caught your breath?"
"Eh? Yeah.......an,anyways......than, thank you for the help....."
"It's been tough on you, if not for Steph who is diverting away the dangerous
guys, we might not have won."
Listening in on Sora's declaration of victory, Jibril frowned.
Facing against Steph's astonished face, Sora revealed his best smile yet.
"——So Steph?"
"Ye, yes?"
"You might die for a while——so be patient okay? [Sit]." "——
——————What?"
Steph was forced to sit on the ground.
Yet she couldn't comprehend the meaning behind that sentence.
Sora and Shiro—— jumping up forcefully, shouted out: "[——
Lithosphere(risosufea)]."
——In an instance, everything on the ground disappeared.
——[Mantle] and [Outer core].
Because Jibril didn't know what those words mean, the planet was gradually
being hollowed out.
With [Lithosphere] being the uppermost surface——
The entire surface was eliminated, and everyone started falling to the core.
However, Jibril was still able to calmly analyze the situation.
".....I see, using [Elemental gallery] to drag away my wings, was for this
purpose?"
——Although she couldn't comprehend the meaning behind those words.
But Jibril realized, that Sora's goal——was to let himself fall towards the core
of the planet.
Although she had never witness the [Core of the planet]—— She
glanced at the bottom.
(.........Center about six thousand degrees........surface about three thousand
degrees—— that's probably it.)
The pressure from the center would force a [Unable to continue the game]
condition, but before that——Sora and the rest would all die.
Towards this flawed plan, Jibril couldn't help but smile.
Yes——because this means......
"——You are trying to [Kill me]?"
Jibril concealed her disappointment and started laughing out.
It was only a matter of time before the heat forced the two to be [Unable to
continue], but—
She thought: 'With such little time remaining, at least let me enjoy it.'
"I won't allow morning to arrive then——[Morning(asa)]."
As Jibril uttered out this sentence—— the sun disappeared.
But—— While Sora and Shiro are falling, they each took a deep breath.
Then Sora placed his hand on the crystal and with the minimum amount
of breath, mumbled out.
".....[Oxygen(sanso)]."
Everyone started to feel a strong headache and was unable to breathe.
Of course, Jibril felt it too.......however——
(——Shutting off the breathing supply......a pointless struggle.)
The Flügel
Indeed——Jibril was The Heavenly Winged.
Her place of residence was originally the [Sky City], twenty thousand meters
above the ground.
Yes, she didn't need to [Breathe], but for her body which was [Formed by
the Elementals] to have hypoxia, it wasn't a major problem.
However—— for humans like Sora and Shiro, it could be fatal.
They will suffocate soon, fulfilling the [Unable to continue] rule.
"——You know it must be pointless right? Let me be happy for a while okay
——[You(sonata)]."
She understood that, death by suffocation was impossible for her.
For now, Jibril requested another [Word] from him.
Perhaps understanding her intentions——
".......Damn......[Sow(taneue)]."
With their attempts failing, Sora remorsely responded to her request.
(Unexpectedly honest, although I would like to restore a good foothold to
continue the game....)
Jibril laughed, and spoke the word——
——"Then we'll come with a [Air(ea)]."
Hearing this word, Sora discarded his façade and formed a crooked smile.
As expected, Jibril don't know.........what was air's——[Composition].
In a moment——
With their consciousness about to be taken away, a strong [pressure] struck
everyone.
She attempted to recover [air], but instead she became [Unable to breath].
Jibril cried out——
"——What! Why——urgh!?" Then she
regretted.
The Flügel
As one of The Heavenly Winged, her instincts told her that in a brief moment,
she inhaled strong [Toxins].
And that toxin was——[Oxygen].
Because of the strong pressure and his blurred vision, Sora let out a hollow
laugh.
Jibril really didn't know—— [Atoms].
She didn't know what [Oxygen] was.........as a result?
(Once she was unable to breathe, she considered that as another saying of
[Air] right? )
The words that Sora spoke out made pure oxygen disappear, but not air.
——Because of the rule [The things that exist will disappear, the things
that don't exist will appear].
In the atmosphere where oxygen wasn't present, saying out [Air] would
result in what circumstances?
——The answer was in this situation.
Only oxygen in air will appear, while the other gases will disappear.
Thus it results in the 80% pressure where everything left, and——
The space was filled with [Poisonous] oxygen.
With one breath, Sora and Shiro would instantly die, but—
——Sora slowly kissed Shiro. ".......Un."
——Circular breathing.
If the word connector's rule about no direct interference can be caused, then
it would be fine as long as the two retained their air circulation.
The intense pressure caused their body to have a feeling of wanting to burst,
while their consciousness began to blur.
But they managed to maintain consciousness——only a short time, so as to
continued the Word Connector.
The phenomena occurring in front of her, namely Sora's action, was
incomprehensible to Jibril.
However, even so, this was all——futile.
"You think that this level of [Poison]........can defeat The Heavenly Winged?"
Facing against Sora and Shiro who did this in vain, Jibril let out a laugh.
Breathing wasn't that important for The Heavenly Winged, this was already
proven true.
All she had to do was stop breathing.
——Wanting to kill The Heavenly Winged, was impossible. The
game was already over.
The heat from the core was about to reach Sora and Shiro who were
pointlessly struggling.
(Sure enough, they are only human after all—— that's how it is......)
Jibril looked over to the direction of Sora, her eyes gleaming with excitement.
However—— what returned back her gaze was Sora, whose face was——
"——!"
A contempt smile directed towards Jibril.
"Shiro, go up then!!'
".......Unn!!"
This time the two of them forcefully——spat out air.
——In order to accomplish the next step.
After ensuring that everything aside from oxygen had been eliminated from
the [Atmosphere], the air expelled out by Sora [Revitalized] the situation.
Then the both of them shouted out.
""——[Atmosphere (atomosufea)] ! ""
With [Atmosphere] said, this time all the gas disappeared——
"——!?"
Something inside Jibril's body exploded out.
[Zero pressure] was generated as a result of the atmosphere disappearing,
thus producing an explosive impact as if the lung was torn apart due to the
difference in pressure.
The reason why Sora [Spat] air—— was to avoid this phenomenon.
However, even so.
Jibril wasn't killed off yet.
(Still in vain........)
Suffocation? Toxic? Explosion caused by the change in internal pressure?
What could that do?
A battle race created by God to kill God—— The Heavenly Winged.
If that sort of method could kill off The Heavenly Winged, it was just plain
stupid.
A full vacuum state——In this environment, the two who are humans would
die off first.
Jibril couldn't stand their idiocy and tried to ridicule them, but when she
opened her mouth, she froze.
——Her sound wasn't transmitted.
So-called [Sound], needed a medium to spread through the [Shockwave].
Now this place was a vacuum——to be exact in this space.
If air isn't present as a medium——words can't be conveyed out. One
of the [Failure conditions] flashed past Jibril's mind.
——[Unable to answer within 30 seconds constitutes as a lost].
Then.......the time limit for humans to survive in vacuum is limited to——
(About 30 seconds—— Just for this layout!?)
Jibril started to feel a shiver.
Yes——If you can't make the other party be [Unable to continue].
Then just——Bet on the [Survival limit] of 30 seconds, achieving victory
using the [30 second rule]——
Just when Jibril came into this conclusion, Sora's face appeared in her view.
He was about to lose consciousness due to the vacuum, or was probably
experiencing it already. He held onto his little sister tightly, and revealed a
painful smile as if saying 'Satisfied?'.
(——I see, how impressive...)
At this point, Jibril finally changed her evaluation on Sora.
(Indeed, it is too pitiful for you to be a human, however——)
——Jibril can't use magic.
Because as The Heavenly Winged, her body was created with the Elemental.
And also because the current Elemental gallery was also eliminated.
(I will express my gratitude and answer with respect then.)
As long as she dispersed the Elemental—— she could write text in the air in
the form of light,
——[Weak(anjaku)].
Using human-language, Jibril wrote it in the air.
The humans who were sensible, bet on their emotion, exhausted their
wisdom, formulated plans and did everything—— but it was still
insufficient.
The human kind can never win against The Heavenly Winged.
Humans can never reach the sky—— this was a fact that couldn't be
overturned.
Sora saw her reply while hugging Shiro, he was gradually losing strength.
His consciousness was gradually blurred.
However, inspite of the desperate situation, they were still nonchalant. Sora
then leaked a proud smile and placed his hand on the crystal.
He then removed a pre-written note.
——Written on it was [Coulomb force(ku-ronryoku)].
It——it was only a brief interval.
The atmosphere, the earth's crust and shell was eliminated. In the absence of
all the atoms in the space, they could only fall.
The only thing remaining was the iron core of the planet.
The high pressure and temperature of the liquid metal shined radiantly,
imprinted into Jibril's retina.
——The core of the planet...........the iron atom of the core.
The [Nuclear force] that attracts atoms together happens when it suffers a
resistance stronger than itself, in this case the [Coulomb force].
It only happens when a large star dies, the astronomical phenomena that
leads to the collapse of the gravity.
Due to the [Disappearance] of the Coulomb force, the asteroids start to
generate a nuclear fusion.
Therefore, the phenomenon that occured, is named in Sora's world as:
The Gamma-Ray Burst(GRB) caused by the collapse of light, is known as
——
[Extreme supernova explosion], enough to evaporate the galaxy for a few
light years away.
As a battle race created by God to kill God.
Not dying even with a direct hit by the [Hydrogen bomb], this meant that
——
She could withstand the heat of the solar corona, 5 million tons of impact,
hypoxia caused by gas evaporation and ultra-vacuum, even toxic substances
——this was The Heavenly Winged from the sixth position.
The barrier between her species and humans was a huge performance gap, a
giant wall that was unclimbable.
However, that doesn't mean it was unbreachable——
——Today, the weakest race crossed over it.
Although air wasn't present, and sound couldn't be transmitted out.
But Jibril could hear it, the words that Sora muttered out with an erect index
finger.
[500 billion degrees Celsius equivalent to the epoch of shock, let's see if you
can withstand it, The Heavenly Winged].
——Whether the phenomenon, or [Coulomb force], Jibril didn't know.
However, her instincts as the The Heavenly Winged screamed out.
The first explosion was nothing compared to this
And how exactly do they stop it, the concept does not exist in their
knowledge.
——[Let the gods of heaven and earth to do naught light], the impending
onslaught in less than a millisecond.
(How ——How is it——even if I want to protect——)
However, until now.
Before the elimination of the surface, Sora and Shiro jumped a little bit.
So Jibril was slightly below.
Regardless of what kind of heat would impact on her—— it doesn't matter.
The one who die first would lose, this is......
(This was........their true intention of taking away the Elemental gallery)
The intial explosion——that was only an experimental [Concept of not
knowing each other].
From the explosion, the man had already planned out everything in detail.
He knew from the first fight that, whether it was heat, pressure or poison, it
wouldn't kill her.
This series of correspondence was only intended to distract herself.
To pretend that he was gambling in the 30 seconds——the [Farce].
Everything was a trap.
As implied by the raised index finger from Sora——From the first step, the
game was already over.

The planet issued out a radiance more brilliant than a star, Jibril turned
her body over to face Sora.
"——Different world people.......no, human species——what a boggling
race."
In this world, the position was absolute.
In this world where battle is forbidden and decisions are based on games,
she got [Killed] by a race even lower than the tenth position.
Jibril let out a burst of laughter, and in her mind, the speech from the [King of
Human species] got relayed back.
".......... Because we were born with nothing, therefore anyone can be the
weakest race——is that right?"
Could their hands even hit God....... ?
Taking a glance at the corner, she found the unconscious Steph who was
vertically falling.
"——With multiple meanings, it really is a mystifying race eh."
She wanted to play with them until she witness their end.
With the final roar resounding through the sky, their consciousness were
all dyed with a [Blank].
Part 8
".......I died."
"Oh, welcome back."
"Did you hear it!? I'll say it one more time!? I DIED!! Not a delusion, but a
reality!! Because this is important, I'll say it for three times!!"
"But you're still alive, isn't that a saying in a fighting game? [Not dying
means earning]."
"So I did die!!"
The aggressive Steph, as if wanting to grip onto Sora's chest, charged
towards him while still shouting out.
"You, you, you used me as bait, in the end you still didn't tell me about
anything and left me to die!!"
"But you didn't die, so it's fine."
"You—You—"
Her patience was almost stretched to the limit.
This was the time, where the rage that she stored inside for this man should
be released——
Then, at the same time when Steph opened her mouth, Sora said:
"But without Steph, we would've lost."
"Eh....."
If she didn't incite away the materialized enemy.
As Jibril had said, it's easy to force Sora and Shiro to be unable to continue
the game.
"And thanks to that, we can get Jibril, you'll also get a part for saving the
human species oh."
".....Eh.....Aa......."
"Thank you, Steph, sorry for always leaving you with the hard job."
Sora stroked her head.
Like a puff of smoke, her anger that rivaled a volcano that was about to erupt
dispersed.
"Eh.......ah, un, ye,yeah.......th,that is true."
Steph's face started to flush, not from the anger. She lowered her head and
started playing with her fingers.
"Th, that is true, if I work harder, Elchea will be saved........an, and thank you
Sora for your psychological warfare......right....."
Steph stammered a bunch, her face also gradually becoming normal, but
then Shiro said:
"....Nii.........from the king........transfer into......a bitch?"
"How rude, that's because it's so easy to fool Steph."
"I heard ittttttttt!!! Ah~~~~ damn it! I really hate you! Really really hate
you!!"
Steph started to curse God.
(Our sole god, why did you forbid violence?)
(There is a man here, even if I have to abandon my life, I want to beat him
up.)
".........I completely lost."
Jibril muttered out while respectfully saluting, as if the horror from just
now was false. The library returned back to the situation before the start
of the game, Jibril sat in the center and drank tea, before breathing out a
sigh of relief.
"......Can I ask a question?" "Un?"
"I know you guided me to answer [Weak (jaku)] this word out, but....."
In order to let themselves be aware of the word [Weak], the anger exhibited
out by Sora was also an act.
However, even so——
"There are still other infinite possibilities.......if you meet that kind of
situation,
what would you do?"
"I had twenty other answers, if those didn't happen, then I would be
clueless."
Sora easily said so with a smile, but Jibril understood in her heart.
This man——in a short period of time, completely saw through her
personality and [Predicted] out twenty others.
But, even so, it was still a dangerous bet.
In addition to Jibril speaking out that word, without any guarantee of the
game, the man even calculated the time to bluff as well as his survival time,
Jibril could only harbor [Respect] for this man.
"Your mentality is insane."
——Hearing that sentence, Sora revealed a wry smile and answered back.
Ever since she was born six thousand years ago, she couldn't help but widen
her eyes when she heard [That phrase].
"I want to challenge [God]—— would a sane person do it?"
Those words flowed into Jibril's ears like a gospel, numbing her mind.
——Challenging God.
Against the sole God TET.
Jibril——although she didn't want to hear anything negative, she still felt
the need to reconfirm it. With a determined expression, she asked Sora:
"Are you........serious?"
"Of course I am, and besides, aren't you surprised as to how I was
summoned into this world?"
As if revealing an answer, Sora told the truth.
"I'll say it out, the one who called us into this world was——TET."
Jibril was stunned speechless.
"After we played a game and beat him, he then pulled us into this world like
a child, wanting us to win using this world's rules. This was his initiative to
provoke us, so aside from overthrowing him, we don't have any other
options."
Just because of this reason, they are intent on snatching the throne of God.
"This is why, Jibril, in accordance to the Oaths, your everything belongs to me
from now on."
Towards Sora who made such a declaration, Jibril watched him with the
same eyes as though looking at something dazzling.
"To win against God, there are preparations to be made, but due to the
situation of the human race, what we can do is limited. We need more power,
knowledge and betting chips, more importantly your knowledge and
presence can also be useful."
——Jibril was like Virgin Mary who suffered the Will of God.
"Ah, and for the books that are installed in my tablet, I just used it as bait
only, you are free to read all the books inside it. Also, in order for us outer
beings to conquer the world, we need [Insight], so if we are able enhance
Jibril's knowledge, then you are free to utilize the knowledge inside it."
Jibril started tearing as she watched Sora continue with her intoxicated eyes.
"Furthermore, you can continue using this library, but Imanity also needs
the library, so we can give some to the college for use, I will leave the
management to Jibril, is that alright?"
Hearing the string of words.
Jibril kneeled towards Sora.
She shed a tear, and started to clasp her hand together, no, she was indeed
bowed in prayer.
"Ahhhh, deceased masters that created us............ I have finally found the new
[Master] worthy of being served, our vows are finally realized...... "
"Eh, what kind of reaction is this....... ?"
Seeing her reaction, Steph disappointingly hung her shoulders and said:
"I, I'll warn you first, this pair of siblings are perverts!? They will dress you
shamefully, force you to be a dog; vicious mouths, inhumane, personalities
that are full of defects, the worst kind of perverted siblings okay!?"
".......Steph.......paw......"
"You, you see! They would do such a thing!!"
However, as if she were in a trance, Jibril quietly answered:
"........So what is the problem?" "Eh......?"
"Being victorious against the shameless God that wins without fighting,The Flüg
bringing huge knowledge from a different world, defeating elves as well as
The Heavenly Winged. They are the ones that subvert the concept of the
human race."
Keeping her wings away, she moved the halo to the back of her head and
bowed.
The Flügel
This was The Heavenly Winged way——of showing absolute loyalty to their
masters.
"My master, my prince, my king."
"Good good."
The Flügel
"——The Heavenly Winged of the sixth position belonging to the 【16
races】, a member of the 18 council member, Jibril."
As if praying before God, she respectfully said:
"My everything belongs to master, my thoughts, my power, even every inch
of my body is the property of my master. Letting me be the cornerstone of
your will, it is my utmost pleasure."
"Whoa, leave it to us, right, Shiro?"
".....Un, leave it to us......"
Hearing the last command—— while maintaining the gesture of [Paw].
Steph's endless cries echoed in the library.
Part 9
'Ka peng'........
Although this sound wasn't really there.
But it could be counted as today's bath time.
Ever since coming to this world, this was her second bath.
"...........I think it is better for me to wash, Sora should wear the clothes."
"I didn't install cameras today, so you don't have to bother. Also Shiro, you
should get accustomed to bathing."
Shiro had an unhappy expression today.

"Because hair.....will become hard...I don't like......."
"Having said that, today's exercise was quite intense, no matter what you
should have a wash."
No matter if it's Shiro, or any other human being, nobody probably had
experience with such a compactful day.
"With that being the case——"
All of a sudden, Jibril let out her voice.
"Whoa! Jibril, where did you come out from!?"
"I would come out regardless of master's location, and ah, more
importantly, if you have hair troubles, you should try this bottle of
shampoo."
Jibril spoke while retrieving out a bottle of shampoo.
"This is the one that we The Heavenly Winged use, blended with Elemental
water, it would keep the hair beautiful and not damage it. Also, it will be
easier to shape and you will be guaranteed to have elegant hair."
The Flügel
The Heavenly Winged spoke as if advertising, but Sora——
"Let me point out the problem first—— why aren't you wearing any
clothing!"
"......Un."
Hearing that sentence, Shiro wanted to look.
"Steph, don't let Shiro turn her head around! This is a scene a minor can't
see."
"No problem, with this much steam, I probably won't violate what master
says about [Ethical requirement]."
".......Wu.......Jibril.........capable child......."
Shiro replied, but Sora thought differently in his heart.
"No, the problem is if you are going to deliver shampoo, why must you be
naked!"
Facing this question, Jibril went on her knees and bowed her head towards
Sora before replying:
"You ask this, is because Jibril is the slave of master, and it is a duty for a
slave to wash her master's back, so of course I came here to help you wash
your hehe.........he,hehehe....."
"Your expression is totally different from a slave! This is just your desires for
[Outer world knowledge]!"
Her intentions was of course to reconfirm the details she had yet to complete
before the Word Connector game. However——
"..........Jibril......[Stop]........"
"Ah——!?"
Once Shiro gave the order, Jibril immediately sat on the floor.
"Ehh? Weird? What is happening?"
Although she became Sora's property, even swearing allegiance to him.
But the coercive power of the Oaths should only be limited to Sora only.
"......Ah, yes. because the things Shiro and I have are shared......"
Since Jibril belongs to Sora, then it automatically belongs to Shiro too.

Slower than Shiro by one step, Sora also figured out this fact.
"......Shampoo.......I accept.........But prohibit...........Mature 18 scene."
"As, as expected of Shiro—— that kind of calm really makes your brother
proud........"
Sora couldn't help but swallow saliva.
But Shiro was as calm as always.
"........Jibril.....is only allowed to see..........."
"Wuahh~~! Why~! There is full of steam here, it's too torturing for me!"
She seemed to learn from Sora on how to treat Jibril.
Sora was unable to see Shiro who was being washed by Steph. But
he frankly understood the situation.
"........ How strong, Shiro-sama, your methods of dealing with Jibril are too
great...... I am touched."
Then——
"...... For this kind of situation, I'm starting to get used to it, I really hate
myself......
....... "
Steph remarked.
As for herself who was gradually deviating from the road, she smiled while
shedding a tear.
Chapter 3 - Sacrifice/Sacrificial Move
Part 1
In a suburb a short distance from the center of Elchea city. The Great
National Library of Elchea.
It had technically been won back from Jibril, but it was still under her control.
Steph was in the kitchen that Jibril had arbitrarily installed in there.
From her drawn out face, it was evident that she had not been sleeping well.
"......Maybe it would have been better if they had just stayed shut ins in the
Royal Bedroom......"
After retaking the library, Sora and Shiro had holed themselves up in there
instead.
Whilst taking care of internal affairs, Steph had to come to the library to
report, and also to brew tea.
"Why do I have to go this far......I'm not a tea set, you know?"
However, as she grumbled.
Her mind would flash back to that scene after the fight with Jibril.
"Thanks, Steph."
--Kyun......
"It's all because of these implanted emotions! I'm just being used!!"
Crying and burying her head in the wall had become a daily routine for Steph.
She abruptly heard a voice.
"Ah, Dora-chan. Thanks for your work."
"Didn't I tell you not to call me Dora-chan!? Rather, when did you get there!!"
The door had silently been opened, and Jibril stood there as if she had been
there from the beginning.
"A message from master."
"Hah? Um, go on......"
"Uh--"There are things such as sugar and butter in Jibril's kitchen. Well, it
seems like those're all mine now, so feel free to use them as you like"--end
message."
"......eh?"
She could use sugar...and butter?
T-then, the variety of sweets she could make is now so much greate--
"Wait, isn't that just an indirect order to make sweets! How far must I be
used before he's satisfied!! All I want is something like 'you can rest'!!"
Bangbangbang.
"Sorry for agitating you to the point of you banging your head."
As Jibril spoke, she took out a note.
"This is from my recipe book collection that the master says he's
particularly keen on."
"Ah, I'll take it ♥ Thank yo--oh."
As Jibril eyed her with interest, Steph frantically waved her hands as her
face turned bright red.
"It's not--this is......"
"I've heard. The master commanded you to 'fall in love' or something."
"Y, yeah, that's right! Not to mention, he totally tricked me into it!!
Unbelievable, right!?"
Steph jumped on the chance to excuse her own actions.
On the other hand, Jibril still looked curious.
"I wouldn't know. I'm rather ignorant of Imanity romantic feelings. Sorry
about that."
"Eh, is, is that so?"
"Yes. We as a race do not breed unless there is a need. If the master is loving
that is sufficient. The subtleties of these romantic feelings which Imanity has
cannot be understood merely through hearsay."
Master--that being Sora.
To Jibril, who had just flatly stated 'love'.
"Eh, ah......uhm, by love......do you mean between master and servant?"
"I am not very clear on the distinction. What is the difference from normal
love?"
"That, that would be......when your chest hurts seeing them with others, being
anxious when you're not with them, things like th......huh?"
Suddenly it came to her, her first love--was the one who had forcibly made
her fall for him, Sora.
--That being, she realised that all these things she had just described were
what she felt for Sora.
She also realised that Jibril, grinning, had heard everything.
As her face burned even redder, she quickly said,
"Th-that, that's, that's the general idea, just the idea! I, I certainly have not
had any such experience--"
As she attempted to cover for herself with utterly unconvincing words,
Jibril just smiled.
"I see. Then, since I've delivered my message, I'll leave it at that."
"Ah, right......thank you for your--huh?" She was
gone.
The moment she had looked away......where to?
.........--Flutter
The recipe of the cake Sora was interested in, now upon Steph's desk,
caught her view.
"Oh, well......if I can use sugar, there are sweets I'd like to make myself. It's
the same time and effort making for one as for a group, so why not. Yeah,
that's it. Incidental, it's just incidental."
Steph began to bustle around Jibril's kitchen.
"Hm......now I just have to find where everything is......"
"About that."
"Hiiyaaa!?"
Again, Jibril had materialised behind her without a sound.
"The necessary cooking utensils are over there. Dishes are there. Ingredients
and seasonings are on the top shelf. The tea set is over there. The oven is
from Avant Heim, so I've summarised the instructions for its use in your
language here. Now then, please feel free to use them."
"Eh, ah, yes......you're very gracious, thank you, very much."
Steph replied with confused emotions.
"It's fine, everything is for the master. Excuse me."
She vanished again.
For the master......at those words, Steph felt uneasy.
Was the feeling of something restraining her just her imagination?
She shook her head.
"It's! For! Myself!! Alright, let's make something so delicious it'll amaze even
me!!"
Again in her mind, a scene from after the battle with Jibril flashed by.
As he stroked her head--now the words were different.
"You did well, Steph. Thank you."
"That's・not・it!"
She smacked both hands onto the table.
"I said that's not the case alreadyyyyyyyyyyy!"
Bang bang, she started pounding her head against the table.
Outside the door was Jibril.
"......'Fall in love with me', as expected of the master; such an interesting
request."
She was watching something even more interesting now though.
For Jibril who knew little about the emotional workings of Imanity, she
understood the concept of romantic feelings as knowledge only.
"If the order had been for just a moment, then the effect should have lasted
only a moment as well--yet despite not having been ordered to 'keep loving
me', why is Dora-chan displaying more permanent effects? Fufu, curious
indeed."
Smiling slyly, Jibril disappeared into the air.
"Eh--red......hyaaa, bloooood!? Uynn......"
Having fainted at the sight of her own blood, the preparations took a
considerably longer time to complete.
Part 2
Steph was now salved and bandaged.
Completely recovered from her faint, she trudged back with tea and cakes for
four.
"Fufufu, it's perfect this time, you know?"
Believing herself invincible after having recovered sugar and butter, Steph
was excited.
Perhaps wanting praise from Sora, not that she would have admitted it to
herself, she headed towards the room in the very back of the library. And
found out she couldn't open the door with both hands full.
"For some reason I'm getting a sense of deja vu from this."
If that were the case, the punch line when she opened the door would be
that there was no one there.......she thought.
Fortunately, the scene which greeted her was not as she had sensed.
"So, Jibril-kun."
With a fully serious face, a man was questioning Jibril.
"Won't you tell me about the kemonomimi kingdom I intend to conquer,
the 'Eastern Union'?"
......A man you really didn't want to believe held the fate of Imanity in his
hands.
"Certainly. The Eastern Union is a nation with complex circumstances."
The Eastern Union--country of the fourteenth ranked species, the
'Werebeasts'.
Although they're all grouped under the name Werebeasts, even just
separating by their physical features there were countless different tribes.
For many years they had been locked in a cycle between civil wars and
negotiated peace, a small country of islands with little uniformity.
Then one known as the 'Miko' had appeared, pacified the country in just half
a century, and now they had merged into a gigantic maritime nation counted
as one of the three world powers.
"About the different physical characteristics......does that mean there are
things like fox ears and cat ears?"
Jibril replied to Sora's question with a straight face.
"Yes. Besides their appearances however, their abilities differ as well. I do
not believe the name Werebeast was given to them merely because of their
animal-like bodies. Both individually and as a race their strength
approaches the physical limit; some are even able to read thoughts. Those
with that capability are known as 'kekkai'."
"Hm, well, I get the general idea--now then."
"All the kemonomimikos are mine, so without further ado how do we set
about taking down the Eastern Union!"
--This king is no good at all.
"As unfortunate as it is master, I think that is [impossible]."
The one who poured water on that idea was surprisingly the one who called
Sora master, Jibril.
"Wh--Jibril, do you know why we recruited someone as intelligent as
yourself!? It was all for this perfect plan which met both my personal and the
national interest so well, that being the capture of all the kemonomimi girls,
so just what is this you're saying!"
In face of this fluent confusion between self-interest and private and
public affairs, Jibril maintained her stance.
"I am very sorry. However--even if it's you two masters, I do not believe you
are able to win against the Eastern Union."
At those words not only Sora, but also Shiro who was next to him reading a
book.
Suddenly narrowed their eyes, and stared at Jibril.
"Hou......are you implying that 『 』 would lose?"
"No, that's not quite the right meaning. I suppose a better expression would
be, I cannot meet your expectations."
Because--
"I too have once gone to challenge the Eastern Union--and [lost]."
......What......?
"......Seriously? Eh, at shiratori?"
"No, that device is here after all."
......There's a game capable of beating this eccentric, all-rounded peak
humanoid weapon?
"It is probably the game which they specified."
--[Probably]?
"In addition, the Elves--Elven Gard, have officially challenged the Eastern
Union four times these past 50 years to official [Territory Games], and lost
every time."
Jibril didn't seem to want to admit it, but she dutifully spoke the truth.
More importantly however--
Sora understood the meaning behind those words.
He also deduced why Jibril had said it was [impossible].
"......I can hardly believe it, but."
If that really was the case--then it certainly explained things.
"Did the Eastern Union......put 'erasure of memories pertaining to the game'
as
one of the conditions?"
--The meaning was that as they were, they had no chance of victory.
Jibril bowed her head respectfully and answered.
"It is as you said, master. For that reason, there is no one who knows just
what the game was or is."
......Is that so. The race with their excellent five senses and even a sixth, the
ability to read the heart.
Their game was concealed to the point of erasing it from their opponents
memories.
An investigative expedition would be impossible. Losing and developing
strategies for the next time would also be impossible.
Challenging without any information would be suicidal for sure.
--Thinking things over, however, there were some things which stuck out.
"Elven Gard lost......[four times]?"
Elven Gard.
The craftiness of the Elves was already well known to them through the
events of the King Selection games.
Even though they had only helped indirectly, without being forewarned
they would certainly have lost.
They were strong opponents who could keep fighting even after being
breached two or three times.
Moreover, they were the world's largest country. Being able to stand against
them meant--
"Right, and so I--[suspected the involvement of a greater power]."
Like what Elven Gard had attempted to do with Elchea.
The reason the Eastern Union could brush off the attacks of the Elves was
because they were already the puppet government of someone else.
"I was not able to resist trying to find out if that were the case and if so, who
it was--"
"So you challenged them and ended up having the tables turned."
"......As embarrassing as it is, that's true."
Right. The reason for Jibril's 'impossible' was clear.
Without knowing the game and being unable to bluff, there were absolutely
no countermeasures.
Against Imanity who could count only upon plans and cunning as their
sole weapons, they could be said to be the perfect enemy.
--However, there was still a snag.
"......In this world the overwhelming advantage goes to those who are
'prepared'."
Fifth of the [Ten Oaths], the challenged party has the right to decide the
contents of the game.
Being able to select a game advantageous to you would obviously confer the
advantage.
"If you erase everyone's memories of the fight, however--people would [stop
attacking you]."
That's right.
In the world Sora came from, an analogy would be 'nuclear deterrence'.
No one would try to pick a fight against someone they absolutely couldn't
defeat.
"......Non-aggressive, national security......?"
Shiro predicted the Eastern Union's stance from the results of their policy.
Sora pointed something out, however.
"Shiro, this is why you lose to Onii-chan in strategy games even though
you're so much smarter. [That would be boring]."
If they had an 'ace in the hole' capable of laying low both the Elves and the
Flugel, why would they focus only on defense.
Because deliberately showing an opening, letting them use their tricks,
and then beating them at their own game was far more satisfying.
"......Nii, your......playing, style......annoying."
"If you call the strategy your onii-chan so desperately wracked his head to
come up with annoying, I'll collapse, you know!?"
His point stood, however. Shiro admitted to her mistake.
"...... A country, which suddenly expanded, 50 years...... having a, nonaggressive
policy...... strange."
"R-right?"
Sora hugged Shiro, his eyes filled with tears.
These siblings truly are strange, Jibril thought as she tilted her head.
"The fact of the matter is, in the past decade, no one has made a move against
the Eastern Union--"
......Jibril then laughed.
"Or rather, there was actually......just one country."
"......nn......"
"Eh, what, who?"
Only Jibril and Shiro responded.
Shiro possibly already knew from reading one of Jibril's books, but Sora was
still clueless.
(--Ah, this is a pretty terrible development.)
Sensing an impending danger, Steph quietly stood and tried to leave the
room.
"It'll be quicker to show you. Of course, Dora-chan has to come too ♪"
"Hau!?"
Caught by surprise and grabbed, Steph cried out. "Now
then, everyone, please hold on to me." "Hold on?"
As they spoke, both Sora and Shiro took hold of Jibril's
clothes.
"Please make sure you don't let go--now, let's be off."
The moment Jibril uttered those words.
At the sound of shattering glass, they squeezed their eyes shut--in one
instance.
Sora slowly opened his eyes, and what stretched before him......was it his
imagination?
Still, floating thousands of meters above the ground, the view was certainly
splendid.
"It's nice and sunny today. You should be able to see--"
"Wait, wait up, Jibril, before that--what did you do!?"
Sora held up Jibril who had continued speaking as if nothing had happened.
Having just been thrown up incredibly high into thin air, Sora naturally
sought an explanation.
However Jibril replied in a bewildered manner. "What,
you ask......I merely shifted us."
Speaking of [teleportation] as if it were nothing, Sora understood,
......Of course, no wonder she can randomly appear all over the place.
So she was a teleporter. It was something he had understood conceptually,
but now he was convinced.
"......Just how far can you shift?"
"Anywhere within sight. Anywhere I've previously been to can also be
[traveled back to indefinitely]."
--Right now, Sora and Shiro were pondering over one of the greatest
mysteries of this world.
"--Hey Shiro, how did Imanity survive the ancient war?"
"......Who knows......?"
The Werebeasts are physically supreme, the Elves are surpassingly cunning
and beings like Jibril are pure hax, just how were they fought?
All the inhabitants of this world had but one reply.
"......That is a mystery of Imanity's history......"
Steph sighed.
"Wasn't it simply because no one bothered to spare Imanity so much as a
second glance?"
Jibril answered with a broad smile.
"We of the Heavenly Winged warred mainly against the dragons, gigants and
old gods. It took around 50 of us Flugel to take on a dragon, and 200 to
challenge one of the gods."
......The race which needed a supernova to finally kill, could teleport around,
and soared freely through the sky.
They had fought monsters which even 200 of them could not defeat.
"Then a different question."
"--Why did this world not keep its original form?" Jibril
could only reply with a wry smile.
"That answer lies with the [sole surviving god and default victor]."
..........................................A changed......world.
"More importantly, please look over there."
Smiling to shake away the bitter memories, Jibril pointed.
Looking carefully from the sky, they were near the border of Elchea. Within
the border, in Elchean territory, a majestic tower rose into the air.
A...majestic...tower.
Meaning--it clearly was not built by human hands.
"...... Uhm, what's that...... [high building]?"
It resembled the Empire State building in America.
"...... Huge."
Even Shiro's eyes widened.
It was just barely possible to make out the foundations.
It was located in a gap between the buildings of a human street.
"Dora-chan, please go ahead and explain."
Dropping her shoulders as if to say 'I knew it would come down to this',
Steph spoke.
"......That's the Eastern Union's [Elchean Embassy]."
"............Hou, the Eastern Union."
Stealing a glance at Sora, Steph averted her face.
"T-to be accurate, it's--the site of our [former] Royal Palace."
"........................What."
Sora trained his eyes on Steph.
Trying to escape that gaze, Steph craned her neck even further away.
"M-my grandfather, bet...the Royal Palace."
".......And, lost......"
His ruthless sister uttered one word. "............"
Both Sora and Shiro were at a loss for words, and Jibril wore a pleasant smile
as if looking at a puppy.
"W-why are you looking at me with those eyes!"
"The Royal Palace of our [Capital] is someone else's embassy......"
"Uguuu......"
Hmm......Sora considered.
"So, why was the palace taken by the Eastern Union?"
"Actually--that entire area was taken over, if I recall correctly."
"---Hah?"
Sora's eyes widened at Jibril's smiling words.
His sister had to explain the information she had memorized.
"...... This decade, the previous king...... challenged the Eastern Union [eight
times]...... and, lost."
"Eight...... w-well, I get the intentions of the Eastern Union. If it's that state-ofthe-art
'maritime nation'--"
One of the drawbacks of a maritime nation was the lack of stone and iron; the
dearth of resources not found in the marine environment.
Seeing the architecture of that building, it was evident that they were a
fairly advanced civilization.
They would require many rare metals and other resources not found in
an archipelago.
It would only be a matter of course to search for them in the continent--
however.
"The challengers would have been the Eastern Union, right? Why answer?"
At that, Shiro shook her head.
And Jibril replied.
"Master, have you forgotten? The sole country which challenged the Eastern
Union this past decade......"
"......The challenger, was......[Elchea]......"
......Just, what......?
"First was that mountain. Then that plain, then......and so on and so forth,
until finally they reached the royal palace in the center of the country, and
the result is as you see now."
Jibril had taken them into the sky precisely to show them this.
"Nonono, wait, back then that was the center of the country?"
Sora spoke while pointing to the Empire State Building (temporarily named).
"Are you kidding me? He bet the country away eight times? Against
somebody Elven Gard lost to 4 times? Imanity did this? That's just beyond
stupid. Please stop with the jokes--"
Shiro simply sighed, yet Sora continued to shake his head.
"Wait, wait a minute? Then Elchea's territory was over twice what it is now?"
Jibril and Shiro nodded.
Sora placed a hand to his brow as Steph became silent.
"......Jibril, please take us back to the library for a bit."
"I am sorry, are you afraid of heights?"
"No, it's just I can't think clearly up here, I need the floor for that."
Part 3
Back in the library.
Sora sat cross-legged upon the table, cradling his head. All that
left his mouth were sighs.
Perched in his lap, Shiro looked at Sora anxiously.
"...... Nii...... all, right...... ?"
"...... Ahh, my bad, Shiro, I was just in despair for a bit."
It pained him to cause worry for his sister, but even so, he couldn't help
speaking.
"I had thought the previous king was terrifyingly idiotic, but now I have to
consider whether he was an alcoholic or something as well....."
Sighhhhhh~~~~~~.............................
"T-that's so rude!!"
She smacked down on the table Sora sat on.
"Earlier, didn't you say what my grandfather did wasn't wrong!!" Sora,
however, merely heaved a grand sigh.
"--Just how do I cover for a guy who threw away half the country in futile
challenges?"
Sora pointed out the window in the direction of the 'dispossessed territory'.
"If we had that land, just how much farming and industry could we achieve?
If your grandfather had been able to keep betting like those moron nobles
who eventually lost even their underwear, would we even have any territory
left today?"
"T-that's---!!"
Perhaps unable to stop now that he had started, Sora just kept going.
"Ah, right, he was [your grandfather] after all......probably believing in [luck],
that if he tried enough he'd definitely win someday......the opponent was a
[nation], did he seriously not understand the implications?"
Compared to personal games, [national warfare] was on a completely
different level.
One entrusted with full authority, responsible for the lives of others,
thus fought with those very lives at stake.
That was national warfare--[territorial gambling].
Fighting over the border which would define all that the people, the
nation possessed; [total war].
To challenge those aware of that eight times--.
"Blaming it on drink may be one of the kinder interpretations here......"
Steph, however, stood stock still, looking down at the ground with shoulders
trembling.
"My grandfather--certainly......was bad at games......"
And yet--lifting her head, she cried out.
"Carrying the lives of millions of Imanity on his shoulders, he never did
anything that would affect his thinking! Unlike you two, he was a man of
common sense!"
That admirable person had brought them to this, however.
"If negligently throwing away half the country is 'common sense', then I'd
gladly be abnormal any day."
"~Whatever!!"
Shaking, yet unable to refute Sora's words, Steph ran from the room with
tears in her eyes.
Looking at her retreating back, Shiro spoke.
"......
Nii...
... too, far......"
"...... After showing me something like that, just how was I supposed to
react...... "
The tension from earlier evaporated.
Perhaps because he had much to consider, Sora's depression switch seemed
to have been completely turned off.
--Suddenly.
They finally noticed the tea and sweets Steph had placed on the table earlier.
Faster than Sora, Shiro crammed one into her mouth.
"......De, licious......♪"
Hearing Shiro speak in a voice different from her normal flat tone, Sora
reluctantly picked one up too.
"......Shit, it really is good......"
Sweet, yet not overbearingly so, and fluffy.
The sweets Steph had made the other day had been amazing as well, but this
eclipsed those by far.
She had probably followed the recipe painstakingly.
He imagined her figure in the kitchen, struggling even to make the
arrangement perfect.
Shiro stared at Sora. Jibril merely closed her eyes, awaiting instructions.
Tearing at his head, Sora gave up.
"...................Ahhhhhhhhhhh----fine I get it, [I'll try]!"
Part 4
Elchea royal palace, former king's bedroom.
Sora had actually gone ahead and begun construction on a house in the
courtyard, returning the bedroom to Steph.
In that titanic, literally king-sized bed. Steph
lay sobbing.
"Liar......and you had even said you'd prove that grandfather was right......"
Lying face down, Steph wet the pillows with her tears.
"Grandfather......wasn't a, bad king!"
She squeezed the key she always carried on her and recalled her grandfather.
***
.........................
"Grandfather, what is this key?"
"H-he~ey Stephanie, you can't touch that." "Why?
What is it for?"
"This key is for entering a place precious to grandpa."
"Precious? Ah, father mentioned that."
"Grandfather has some books that he 'cannot show to people'." "W,
waitwaitwait, Stephanie! That's totally different!"
"T,this is--the [key of hope]."
"Hope......? Of what?"
"Hoho......someday, I'll give this to you, Stephanie."
"Really!?"
"Yeah......but, Stephanie, listen carefully."
"One day, when you meet the ones who you believe from your heart you can
entrust Elchea to, give this key to them in turn."
***
.........................
She suddenly remembered those events from 10 years ago.
She had received this key from her grandfather two years ago as his death
approached.
She still didn't know what it was for, but she had never let it go.
Just why did she recall that now.
--Sora. Him. The one who had insulted her grandfather.
Even though there should be no way she would pass it on to him.
"Dora-chan, do you have a moment?"
"Hyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"
Jibril suddenly appeared out of thin air to peek at her from the bedside.
Letting out a cry, Steph jumped up in surprise.
"W-w-w-w-what the heck!? This is trespassing, you know!?"
"There's something I'd like to tell you, so please don't mind." No,
that's not the problem here.
"From now, I think you can return to the library." "--
Hah? From now? Just when--"
It didn't seem like Jibril was listening.
She simply bowed and continued at her own pace.
"I determined this would be best for master, and came of my own accord.
What you will do is likewise up to you."
Having arbitrarily said her piece, she disappeared again.
......The thought processes of the Flugel really are different from those of
Imanity.
Still rather confused, Steph nonetheless thought over Jibril's words.
You can go back to Sora now, was probably what she was trying to convey.
"......Don't joke around, after that, how could I forgive him!"
She threw a blanket over herself as she said so.
Yet the steady ticking of the clock in the room made her suddenly aware of
just how red and puffy her eyes were. She recalled the words of her
grandfather. The one whom Sora had insulted so.
Perhaps it had been Jibril's speaking, or perhaps there was a reason she
remembered them now.
"...........Ahhn, jeeeeeez~~~~~~!"
Throwing off the blankets, Steph got out of bed.
Part 5
Elchea national library.
She had gone in countless time already, yet this time Steph quietly stole
inside. Sora and the others were, as usual, in the back room.
Having made up her mind, as she approached the room the door opened
slightly.
Peeping in, there was Sora and Shiro, and Jibril as well.
"Master, it's about time you rest......"
"Nnn......just a bit longer......"
Flipping through a book, without taking his eyes off the map, Sora answered
absent-mindedly.
Jibril spoke as she drew a blanket over Shiro, sleeping huddled in Sora's lap.
"However much you look, it's impossible to defend the folly of the previous
king."
Jibril flashed a glance, as if aware of Steph's presence, and startled she hid
away.
......Although however much she tried, there was no way she could hide from
the Flugel.
That didn't seem to be the case for Sora however.
Showing no signs of noticing anything, Sora replied in an unhappy tone. "-
-It's not like that's my sole intention. I simply noticed an [anomaly]."
"Rather, you're 'finding' one for Dora-chan......wouldn't you say?"
"I'm just going through these records to determine what not to do when
setting about my nekomimi kingdom conquest! That's all!"
Sora seemed quite dissatisfied with Jibril's wry smile. "So,
what's the anomaly?"
"Right......there are several."
As Jibril laughed in amusement, Sora replied while still looking sour.
"The thing mentioned this morning--why would the Eastern Union [erase
memories]?"
As a deterrent, the result would be no more challengers. The benefits would
be slim.
Placing her hand on her chin, Jibril seriously considered.
"Having expanded their territory so much, devoting themselves to defense
doesn't seem too far of a stretch."
"It's natural to think so. The only one who challenged them this decade was
the previous king after all."
If that was their goal, then they were most successful.
If so however, then why had the previous king fought eight times?
"Well, that's how Imanity is after all ♪"
To Jibril who said so laughingly.
"I had also worried over that. But something's strange." Sora
spoke deadpan.
"It's not something a 'sensible' person responsible for the lives of millions
would do."
It was as if Sora had read her mind.
Behind the door, Steph drew a breath.
"Then I examined the continental territory of the Eastern Union." As
he spoke, he pointed to the map.
"To start with, this mountainous alumatite mine......the previous king bet that
[first]."
According to Jibril's books, the melting point of [alumatite] was 3000
degrees.
With the metal processing technology Imanity currently possesses, it has no
value.
"Next, these plains. They've become the cornerstone of the Eastern Union's
extensive agriculture......the previous king bet them [second]."
They were what they are now however due to the Eastern Union's
development.
At the time of the challenges they had been no more than mere [bogs], and
worthless as land.
"Third was this coal mine. That's a resource Imanity also cannot utilise.
Likewise the fourth, fifth, sixth times......to the eighth time when he bet the
royal palace, the previous king never once bet [something of value]."
But more than anything else. Sora jabbed at the map.
"All of the Eastern Union's continental land--all of it [used to be Elchea's] did
it not?"
The continental land which the Eastern Union had won.
All of it had been gained from the previous king.
"......All the continental resources the Eastern Union needed, had been gotten
from the previous king?"
"That's just the result. The thing is before all this, the Eastern Union had no
continental land."
Which meant:
"The ones who were cornered--was the [Eastern Union]."
An advanced technological nation like that, even able to utilise resources
requiring a 3000 degree melting point.
A civilisation like that would [absolutely require] continental resources.
In this game where everything is decided by games, even 'trade' would be
determined by games.
For the defensively orientated Eastern Union, it could be said to be a critical
situation.
"But what the previous king had consistently been playing for was 'one of
the Eastern Union's coastal cities'."
That would provide marine resources as well as technological
advancements. It was a good bet.
If it was the Eastern Union that was pressured however, he should have been
able to press for more.
Why then had he continued eight times.
Doling out land useless to Imanity a little at a time.
"The only conclusion I can come up with, is that it was intentional......"
Why--did the Eastern Union persist with its disadvantageous amnesia.
Why--did Elven Gard challenge four times.
Why--.......no wait. Wrong.
"Why......did the previous king stop after eight times?"
Consider the reverse.
Not how many times they challenged, but why they stopped at the number
they did.
Right up to the eighth time, that being the royal palace, he had wagered only
things of little value.
The seventh or ninth times should have been just as good.
Why eight?
Having thought that far.
Sora came up with a single hypothesis.
"What if the previous king, had not been losing his memory?"
Spreading out the map and the accompanying figures, he collated the data he
had collected together.
He stared at the borders spanning many years, and rapidly confirmed his
thoughts.
It was still a theory full of holes, yet worth considering nonetheless.
There were two particularly glaring holes.
How had he avoided losing his memories. And--
As Sora was in the middle of thinking.
Sheepishly, as if reluctant to speak up, Jibril muttered.
"Master. Master, your classification certainly is 'Imanity'." "Nn,
eh? Of course it is?"
Still deep in thought, Sora looked at Jibril who had interrupted his thinking.
"But not all of Imanity acts as wisely as Master."
She said this euphemistically to Sora, who was trying to come up with a
legitimate reason for the previous king's folly.
These words were as far as she could go speaking as a servant to her master.
A servant is not allowed to doubt their master; Jibril chided herself.
But Sora spoke without hesitation.
"There are definitely [those who have it together] as well. And generally,
those guys are--incomprehensible."
This time, Sora glared at the data compiled on his tablet PC.
"Trying to understand that is my 'duty'."
It was as if he had read Jibril's mind.
"Jibril, it's alright to speak freely."
"Imanity here is small, powerless, coarse and uncivilized. Why do you
believe in [the Imanity of this world] who from your perspective, mentally
and physically, must be no more than animals--that's what you wanted to
say right?"
"--No, that's not quite......"
......That was exactly it.
Whatever follies the previous king had committed, it should all be able to
be put away by blaming it on Imanity's behaviour in general.
Sora and Shiro, by their own admittance, were classified as Imanity.
However the reason Jibril followed them was because they were not [lower
organisms] such as Imanity.
Sora and Shiro were two beings who broke the mold of all common sense.
Thus Sora's following words.
"The answer is quite simple--I don't believe in [humanity]."
"Eh?"
Both Jibril, and Steph listening in outside, couldn't believe their ears.
"Shiro and I are not from this world, so you must think that we're different
from Imanity in this world, but actually nothing is different back where we
came from. Everyone, everywhere is vulgar and stupid--including me."
Sora's face as he spoke those self-mocking words was--......in various ways,
full of despair.
--That world of the past, covered in optic fibre.
A world that had been compressed to the limit, possessing untold
intelligence and cultured wisdom.
And yet......that technology had simply led to a vast flood of information.
As for why......all pointed towards that wherever they were, humans were
foolish things.
"......Humans are shit. Even if the world changes, that never will."
As Sora spoke in disgust, Steph clenched the key in her hand.
--There was no way she could entrust her grandfather's key to Sora after all.
There was no way......she could believe in this man.
Thinking so, Steph began to move away.
"However--I believe in [that possibility]." --But
Sora's words did not stop.
Dusting the ground next to Sora as if preparing to sit, Jibril knelt down.
"The reason is--her."
Sora spoke as he stroked Shiro's gently sleeping face, her head in his lap.
Packing so much information into her little head, she must have been
exhausted.
"If humans were all useless trash like me, we would have been lost in
despair long ago."
His expression as he caressed his sister's cheek.
Compared to the man who was so full of frustration and hopelessness
earlier--belonged to a completely different person.
"They definitely, exist."
The gentle brother half closed his eyes, as if staring at the light.
Full of admiration and aspiration......for this pale girl, whose chest softly rose
and fell.
"People's--the smallness that you felt, happens because of our foolishness,
yet it is through that we learn, that we rise up to possibly reach even the
gods;
such wishes and dreams are what her small frame represents......the hope of
[genius]."
"............"
"Hey, I'm an idiot after all."
He laughed wryly.
"I'm good at observing my own kind. Really, the world is filled with them--
enough to make me sick."
However.
"But......Shiro is different."
As he stroked the face that lay on his knees.
"The day when I first met Shiro--eight years ago."
As if remembering what happened yesterday, Sora's eyes drifted away.
"She had been a child only three years old. But what do you think the first
thing she said was, when she heard my name?"
"......Rea, lly......how 'empty[11]'......"
--Not understanding, Jibril frowned.
Explaining, Sora chuckled.
"A three year old, already juggling multiple languages, saw me who was
superficially laughing along with the crowd and hit me with that double
meaning the first time we met--it really is laughable isn't it?"
His words contained neither self-depreciation nor anger.
Rather as if in a fever, Sora laughed fearlessly.
"[I was entranced]. The [geniuses] I had always been thrilled by, were real."
What his worthless imagination had cooked up had jumped out to be before
his very eyes.
He asked himself, how can she do that.
And asked again, why can't I.
Completely different, seeing a completely different world; an overwhelming
person.
"And as for me, who had become that [genius]'s 'brother'......"
He laughed bitterly again, yet there was resolve mixed in.
"Despite how apart we were, I longed. I decided to believe. Even one as
useless as me, if I utterly worked my ass off, even if I couldn't follow her into
that realm, then I could at least come close."
"That's why I don't believe in 'humanity'."
--As he doesn't believe in himself.
"That's why I believe in that 'possibility'." --As he
can believe in Shiro.
"Humanity's potential is infinite. It's just that that potential can go in either
direction."
Therefore humans can be infinitely wise, or infinitely foolish--if that's so.
"If I'm infinitely foolish enough, then maybe I can one day catch up to my
infinitely wise sister?"
--A perfect revolution.
Smiling so, Sora continued to tenderly nuzzle his little sister.
Kneeling seiza next to them, Jibril observed with great interest.
--He himself probably didn't notice.
Overlooked that at the time, he himself had only been 10 years old.
That at 10 years of age he had unraveled the essence of the words of that
three year old child, and accepted them.
Even respected them.
And then thought of what to do about it.
He had realised that he couldn't win that way, and so set about carving his
own path.
Something like that......someone who can do that......what would you call
them?
He who called himself a fool--he himself, probably didn't realise.
"--I see, the [line between genius and stupidity is fine indeed]--those are
profound words."
Jibril likewise looked overhead.
Gazing up at a sea of stars in the endless night sky beyond the skylight, Sora
spoke.
"In our original world--humans have flown the sky, and crossed the stars."
"--Speaking freely......I can't believe it."
"Exactly, no one could. Even humans themselves." But
there were those who believed, who dreamed.
Precisely because they were born without wings, they gazed up and longed
for the heavens all the more.
At last, with their own hands, they soared up into beyond upon wings of iron.
Then they dreamed even higher, even further, until they reached the very
stars themselves.
Because they are born with nothing, they could yearn--to aim at that which
is 'far away'.
--If we don't have it, then we'll find it. --If we
can't find it, then we'll make it.
--If it still can't be obtained, then keep searching until the world's end.
[Being born with nothing].
Precisely because of that fact, they are the [proud weak], the proof of
humans infinite possibilities.
"They're definitely there in humanity, [those who've found it]. Not one of the
countless imitations like me, but an unrivaled genius."
Not trying to understand that, would be a sin.
Because the words of a genius are too obvious to themselves, such that they
cannot explain it.
"So the duty of conveying that, falls to us common men."
"If you don't believe in the 'start' then there can be no 'beginning'. Same for
the previous king."
Laughing so, Sora looked down at the map again.
Jibril simply closed her eyes.
She produced a magic light in her hand, and lit up Sora's surroundings.
"I believe in what master believes. If master will believe in Imanity, then I
will simply follow you until the end. That is all."
Hiding outside the door, listening to that exchange, Steph's mind whirled.

Endlessly maligned as a king, yet her grandfather's back had been so big and
warm.
Gentle and warm, the back of a man who ceaselessly believed in people.
--"When you meet the ones who you believe from your heart you can entrust
Elchea to......"
Cold and calculating, a man who has always doubted people. He
was far different from her grandfather, but because of that.
He was someone who believed in the capability of people more than any
other.
Would it be alright to entrust to him, this key her grandfather left her.
She herself did not know what it was for--but.
If it was him......if it was Sora, would her grandfather be satisfied.
Would he praise her......'you chose a good person'.
"......Sora"
Creaaak......slowly pushing open the door, Steph saw Jibril faintly smiling and
Sora looking surprised.
Steph simply--spoke with grim determination.
"There's something I want to pass to you."
Part 6
The next day......in the royal bedroom, now Steph's
bedroom. Four people: Steph, Sora, Shiro and Jibril
were within.
"--Is the general gist of it."
Having spoken everything she remembered, Steph described the history of
the key.
The first words that came in reply.
"--They're definitely ero books."
......And so.
Steph intensely regretted her choice.
"T-there's no way that's the case! How the heck did you get that from my
description!"
"But he was in such a hurry to shut your father up." "He,
he said that was something different!"
"In the [previous world] Shiro and I came from, ero books were something
statistically 90% of men hid away."
"......80%, also hid......ero, goods......"
"Yep. Well, this is an important key Steph. I had been worried there were no
[side dishes] in this world."
With no words left to her, Steph fell backwards onto the bed in silence.
"But master, we don't know where the key goes yet......"
"Ero books are absolutely always hidden in the bedroom, in other words
right here. Without a doubt."
"If it's a hidden room we've [found it already]. It's probably the one over
there."
"......Huh---?"
At those words, Steph got up in a hurry and turned around.
Falling off the bed, Steph chased after Sora and the others.
"Firstly--the bed is tilted. Shiro fell off after all."
A few days ago Sora had indeed waken up inconsolable, Steph recalled.
"So if you push the bed and look closely, there really is an incline. Look at the
decorative scales engraved on the plates at the foot of the bed. The scale is
tilted to the left, meaning the left is heavier, meaning there's something on
the left."
Indifferently.
With no catharsis whatsoever, Sora blandly revealed the mystery.
"Next, the bookshelf on the left. The intervals of the shelves are not uniform.
Even though the shelves of the one on the right are."
"Eh, right......th, that's certainly so."
"They're irregular, but by and large the pattern can be divided into large
and small."
He pointed at the rows of shelves from the top.
"If you take this as 0, the result is 01, 00, 11, 10. Converting to binary that's
1, 0, 3, 2. In this room, well the only book with over 1000 pages is the
encyclopedia."
Saying so, Sora took the encyclopedia from the shelf.
"Now the first word on page 1032 is, in the language of Imanity, [lighthouse].
Well~conventionally it'd probably be referring to a candelabra or
chandelier, some sort of lighting fixture."
Sora walked over to some candles mounted on the wall.
"There's been an indent drawn through that word in the middle, as if with
an uninked pen."
As he spoke both Jibril and Steph looked.
There was indeed a faint dent.
"So it's referring to the candles on the left side of the room, specifically the
[middle] candles. Furthermore that word is connected by three arrows on
the left which point to related entries. So--"
He tilted the candelabra three times to the left.
"Finally, one single arrow to the right points to [harbour] on page 605 as a
related item. Basically--"
He then tilted the candelabra once to the right.
Once he did, the candelabra slid out......
--Within were four dials.
"Shiro solved it from here, so I'll pass it on."
Tagging hands, Shiro turned the dials.
"...... [lighthouse], [harbour]...... Imanity, script...... factoring in...... number of
line,
intersections...... "
Clicking sounds could be heard.
"...... Perfectly...... four, digits...... answer, [2642]...... "
As Steph and Jibril looked on stunned.
Sora, as if showing off rapid magic tricks, clapped his hands and rushed them
to the next step.
"And with that behold, behind the curtain, one of the blocks of the wall
somehow lifts out!......and it's pretty heavy, so earlier it took both me and
Shiro some considerable effort, but screw that now. Jibril, if you please."
"Ah, yes, as you will."
Jibril focused slightly.
"Once you do that, well, as we said--"
Rumble rumble rumble.
"The bookshelf moves~"
Behind that now displaced bookshelf was--
"Something that looks like a locked door. The key should be for that, right?"
Taking out the key he had obtained from Steph, Sora spoke leisurely.
----......
Too leisurely.
Too leisurely, and too unceremoniously.
This must have been a mechanism the previous king had desperately
planned out with all his cunning--
With even Jibril being taken aback at this carefreeness, Steph shouted out.
"J-ju, just when did you figure this out!!"
"Like I said, the day Shiro fell off the bed." "......Nod
nod"
--No wait.
Please wait, thought Steph.
"......Would that be the day you made me a dog, and challenged Jibril to a
game?"
"Ah, you have a good memory."
"That's trauma I'll never be able to forget even if I wanted to! More
importantly----!"
--Steph looked back on that day, from when Sora had awoken trembling.
Steph had lost at black jack.
They had then proceeded to decimate the nobles--then they had visited the
libraries.
"Just when did you find the time to solve all this--!?"
"From when Steph called for the nobles, in that hour I guess?" Without
any fuss, they had solved it in such a trivial amount of time. This
mystery--that Steph had brooded over for so long.
As if it were just to pass the time.
Steph was stunned, but it was as if Sora wasn't even aware of their own
achievement.
"Well, that being said we couldn't find the key, so this is as far as we got." "B,
but master, a door of that degree, even without a key--"
"Ah, yeah we could have picked it easily, but cheating in a puzzle game like
this would be boring."
Sora laughed, and Shiro nodded.
Right, this is all, just a game to them......
Loosening up, Sora coughed.
"Now then--let us go worship the treasure books hidden within, ah, I'll
blindfold Shiro first."
"...... muu...... no, fair...... "
"Time is impartial. Please wait seven years."
"Haven't I been saying they're not ero books!?"
Sora turned the key he had gotten from Steph in the keyhole. With
the sound of refined fittings creaking, the door opened.
------............
Even Sora who had been expecting ero books just a while ago. Why
could it be.
As one--they gasped. All of them.
In there was a study, with no windows.
Alongside bookshelves crammed with books were sentimental accessories,
tables and chairs, all covered in dust.
But contrary to the peacefulness, something unearthly could be felt.
A feeling that one should not enter here so carelessly, which would stop
anyone's feet.
Sora cleared his throat, and slowly passed through the door.
And looked over the book placed in the centre of the desk that was still
open.
He brushed a hand over the unreadably dusty pages.
Just one statement had been written there, in a strong hand.
"From the king of the last of Imanity--to the king who will bring us back, I
leave this to you."
Sora painstakingly turned the page, and read what followed.
"I was not a 'wise king'."
"I could perhaps have been remembered as an extraordinary king. But for
the sake of he who is not I, that will bring a resurgence, I willingly take this
shame. With the hope that through the struggles I have encountered, I
believe that the path of the next king will be cleared."
"......"
Sora stood silent, motionless, and both Shiro and Jibril who understood what
all this meant were likewise.
--Here was a man who had forsaken glory.
In a lifetime, he had wagered countless games with other nations.
The Eastern Union alone had been challenged eight times.
A man who had challenged recklessly despite the losses, seeking to uncover
and expose all their secrets.
--As it was, Imanity stood on the brink of destruction.
His own actions had hastened it.
Yet knowing that he had set out on a series of offensives, as if he were a fool.
Beginning from the Eastern Union, devoting himself to uncovering the
stratagems of the enemy, he was despised and reviled.
This was the record of a man who understood all that--
It was true after all.
"The previous king......had [not lost his memory]."
"No way, why!"
Even Jibril herself had not been able to avoid amnesia when facing the
Eastern Union,
But Sora realized.
It was just a guess--but it was almost certainly the truth.
"Jibril......a rich idiot comes into your casino. If you wanted all his money,
[what would you do]?"
"--I'd tempt him with games he just might be able to win, however many
times......it......took......"
Realising thus, Jibril's eyes widened.
"The previous king dove in. Eight times. Deliberately handing over the land-
- so that it may one day be won back."
But even if his memory wasn't erased, the Eastern Union must have sought to
stop him from speaking out.
Therefore, most likely.
"The condition must have been 'you cannot tell anyone in your lifetime......"
Meaning--[after death] was not included......
And so. With a body unable to use magic like the elves.
He was the only one who had grasped the contents of an unrecordable game.
"----[The next king, will be Imanity's strongest gambler]......was it."
"......Un."
Sora muttered the will of the late king, and Shiro also understood the intent.
He--probably had known.
He had made the gamble despite knowing that other countries would
definitely send their own agents.
Even so--he had calculated that the one who would overcome all and be
crowned, would be a 'person'.
Because of the interference of other countries, he could only pretend to be a
loser and leave this record for those who would follow.
Having concluded that if he fought straight up he could not win, he instead
kept this immaculate record.
"......Steph."
"W, what?"
Perhaps not understanding the situation, Steph was confused at Sora's
serious tone.
"......Your grandfather......no, the [late king].......was without a doubt [your
grandfather]."
Sora recalled how Steph, in order to figure out their tricks, had bet even her
panties.
He had been held in contempt by every other nation, and even his own
people.
Yet he had continued to play the fool, and devoted himself to understanding.
Within his heart, he had prepared himself to the uttermost.
Without ever losing belief in the 'king who will bring us back'--was this faith
in the human race?
He had been betting.
That from humans, the lowest of the low, would emerge one able to
overwhelm all the others.
The possibility was almost zero, but he believed in the possibility that
wasn't zero.
Fame, glory, praise......a fulfilling life.
For the sake of final victory, he had lived a life of defeat and shame.
The siblings who had been entrusted as the 'king who will bring us back'
simply stood.
Looking down at his shirt which read [I ♥ Humans], Sora spoke. "Hey Jibril,
for a guy like this to have existed--it's unbearable right?" "......I, guess so."
She felt she could see a glimpse of what her master believed in. Jibril, in
order to change her perception, closed her eyes.
Sora took out his mobile, and opened the task scheduler. He tapped
his fingers.
Without a doubt, what he had written was: "Objective- absolute
conquest of the Eastern Union"
Chapter 4 - Checkmate/Checkmate
Part 1
Embassy——correction, originally the mansion of Elchea.
Gazing onto the building, Shiro muttered out:
".....my neck hurts."
"Wow, never expected it to be this huge........but I don't think humans are that
advanced to build this yet right?"
Sora complained while holding onto his neck. Without any hint of interest,
Jibril flatly replied:
"Of course, this is the result of constantly remodeling after the Eastern
Union took it away."
"Hmm...." Sora replied.
".......Although I was sure of that......I just wanted to see that glimpse of
hope."
".Nuu...? What are you talking about?——————No, regarding
something else."
Steph pointed onto the ground angrily and said:
"Could you enlighten me on why are we here?"
Jibril and Shiro who were also brought here without hearing an
explanation looked towards Sora, reaffirming Steph's question.
"Well, I just wanted to see those cute [Werebeasts]."
Sora vaguely answered her question before swaggering forwards, but was
blocked off by Steph quickly.
"Oi, wait a minute, although we are in Elchea, this is still an embassy!!"
"I know I know, but this was originally my King city."
"Guuuuu, so, so——————thi, this is violation of the territorial rights!"
"Who is violating the territorial rights? I've already made an appointment in
advance oh."
"Eh? That's im————"
Steph was about to retort, but got abruptly cut off by him.
"Isn't that right—— gramps?"
Towards those words that Sora spouted.
The door to the huge embassy suddenly opened and a figure appeared.
"————Welcome, your highness the King and the Queen of Elchea."
White-haired yet old, with wolf ears and a coarse tail while wearing hakama
pants—— a Therianthrope, the elder walked down from the staircase and
came to the same height as the four, before bowing down in respect.
"Nice to meet you, I'm in charge of foreign affairs here in Elchea for the
Eastern Union—— Hatsuse Ino"
With a respectful and polite attitude, the elder——— Hatsuse Ino said.
"Eh? Strange? Ho, how did you get in touch with each other!?"
Although Sora didn't know why Steph was surprised, he replied nonetheless:
"Because earlier this morning, he spotted me on the library's balcony."
———Eh?
"I then used sign language to convey the message of [I'm going over now],
and gramps agreed. So, I said I've made an appointment."
......No no, that is very strange, Steph said.
"Wa, wait a moment, isn't this place 30 kilometers (18.6 miles) away from
the library!?"
"Yes, I was quite shocked to learn that Therianthropes' eyesight are that
good."
——Something is wrong. It shouldn't
be like this.
It's understandable that Therianthropes could do that, but the problem is—
— How did Sora see him?
However, Ino paid no heed to that point and calmly made a deal with Sora.
"You are here to visit the Embassy of the Eastern Union in Elchea——for
[Hatsuse Izuna] right."
Just like that, Ino preemptively told them of their purpose in visiting.
Ino slightly closed his eyes.
As a Therianthropes who could read people's heart, he foresaw it.
Steph instantly gasped.
Those pair of eyes—— yes, was like Sora's, wait, even worst that Sora's. It
was as if those eyes could peek directly into someone's mind—— "Since you
are informed already, then lead us there."
But facing against those eyes, Sora withstood his stare unfalteringly.
What did Ino see in Sora?
"——This way."
With that, he started to lead them in.
Part 2
After entering the building, they had to walk across the entrance hall and
take the elevator.
In the lift where there were 80 buttons, the 60th button was pressed and
the lift steadily climbed upwards.
"Hmm!? Wha, what is this? The floor is moving!?"
Ignoring the astonished Steph, Ino said:
"If possible, could you follow the regular procedures for your visit next
time?"
What he implied was not to use that kind of method again.
Steph was particularly responsive to those words.
"How improper, the Eastern Union didn't even respond to formal
procedures either!"
Hearing Steph mouthed off such ironic words, or maybe accidental, Ino
peered into Steph's eyes and spoke:
"——What? You guys really sent out letters...."
Perhaps reading Steph's mind, Ino was surprised that she wasn't lying.
Steph couldn't help but cringed with those eyes that could read hearts, but
she still bravely said:
"Of, of course! Starting from my grandfather's generation, no matter how
much we wanted to bring on trade and diplomatic correspondence, you've
never replied once, don't you dare say you weren't informed of this!"
"......My apologies, in the future please address the letters to Hatsuse Ino
then."
Finishing his words, Ino pressed his hand on his forehead and sighed.
"As you know, after that incident, a lot of people held hostility to
Elchea......... since the former King conducted that last game, I didn't know
that there were letters....."
"Wha——
!...... Liar——"
"I'm afraid someone else might've disposed it. This action is unacceptable, I'll
definitely ferret out those responsible for these actions——and give them
strict punishment, so please forgive me."
Steph had no choice but to quiet down when Ino interrupted her and
explained.
His face was irate and ashamed.
——It seems like he really didn't know.
"I'm speechless at the fact that you dare to call yourselves a big country.
Forget it, in the end you are still Therianthropes."
Listening to the criticisms coming from the fearless Jibril, Ino stared at her
with sharp eyes.
"About that, Steph, what was that?"
The letter wasn't received, so you thought that they didn't reply, Sora asked.
".......After the mansion was taken away, they started rebuilding it."
Steph sighed bitterly.
"If the Embassy was more spectacular than King City, it would affect the
prestige of the country, so Elchea built a new castle."
"Oh, so that is the castle, right?"
"Towards our fortification, the Eastern Union was provoking us, large-scale
construction everywhere........Elchea couldn't even compare to the Eastern
Union, so, that, in short, many things had happened."
"Ahhhh~ I hate dealing with this kind of troublesome thing."
Sora started whining, while Jibril was deliberately trying to pick at his words.
"Because the Therianthropes of the 14th held contempt over humans who
were at 16th, things became much more complicated—— There should be a
sentence like this in one of Master's books right."
Recalling from the contents of the book, Jibril couldn't help but laughed out,
before saying:
"It was called———[the pot calls the kettle black; one who retreats fifty
packs mocks one who retreats a hundred]."
Ino sniggered after hearing that:
"Very appropriate, I absolutely agree, it really is a shame, coming from
No.6th-sama."
However, Ino added on:
"Floating in the air, burying yourselves in a pile of antique books, it should've
been forty packs though."
"Hehe, you may be old, but you are pretty honest."
This response came from Jibril, whose smile has not yet collapsed.
"Therianthropes' species, perfomance, knowledge, wisdom.....all are inferior
to The Flügel, always below us, living a humble existence, to despise
someone, you have to despise something first right?"
"Hahaha, as expected of a defective-sama who mixes around with bald
monkeys, such unexpected words."
"That's right, as for the mongrels with those narrow eyes, my words must
definitely be an eye-opener."
"Hahaha."
"Hehehe."
"....I say Steph."
"....I can probably figure out what you want to say, but go on."
"Isn't this world a tad bit tense? And the bald monkeys are referring to us
right?"
"Battling for nearly eternity, but suddenly unable to fight, its normal for
the hatred to linger...."
Moreover——
".....Regarding both of their strengths, they are one of the uppermost races in
the [Sixteen races]."
As for the second question—— Steph shook her head, this was a question
that was brainless.
"Hehehe, immediately being so arrogant after getting restricted, how lively
aren't you?"
"Hahaha, because we have no other ability except killing, we are different
from some people who would only seclude themselves, hilarious."
Sora and Shiro thought of the same thing.
That was, this world really needed the restraint in power.
Part 3
Arriving at the sixtieth floor, they left the elevator filled with killing intent.
An exhausted Steph unhesitatingly sat down on a chair in a hall that seemed
to be the reception area.
"Ho, how tiring."
Sora completely agreed to that, but he was busy glancing around his
surroundings.
".....Then please excuse me while I shall go fetch Hatsuse Izuna."
Bowing graciously, Ino strolled out of the room. After watching him leave
the room, Steph copied Sora and surveyed around the area.
"But......Having said that, this is very luxurious, the civilization gap could
really be felt."
The room was made entirely out of marble, a scarce resource in this world.
The leather sofa even had springs in it.
However, this wasn't what Sora was looking for.
"Master, how did you get in touch with the Therianthropes?"
"......Jibril, haven't you noticed that no one had mentioned this yet?"
"My sincere apologies, but I'm different from those mind-reading
Therianthropes, I always feel concerned."
Sora instantly understood.
To Jibril, seeing the [Unknown] in front of her.
Was tantamount to a horse seeing a [Carrot] in front of it.
".....You see."
Placing his index finger on his lips, Sora retrieved something out——Mobile
phone.
After looking through the optical zoom, coupled with a high resolution
application, a photo was taken at the maximum zoom length.
Barely reflected on the screen was the silhouette of the old man.
——Which was to say, this was the case.
In actuality, Sora couldn't really see Ino at all.
It was a coincidence that the camera direction was facing to the figure that
seemed to be looking at Sora. After deducing that he himself could be seen,
Sora attempted sign language with the figure.
To be truthful—— Sora was just bluffing.
Hmmmm, this is really interesting......Jibril said so.
However——
(Since they are the mind-reading Therianthropes, wouldn't this bluff be
useless?)
Even Master was clueless as to why the letters weren't sent——
While Jibril pondered about this question. ".......Nii,
that."
"Yeah, I know." New questions
arose.
"......Master, you know what [that] is?"
What Jibril was pointing to was———a television. Yes,
this was what Sora was looking for.
Although the appearance was somewhat different than the TV that Sora
knows, in the end it was inevitably a————Television.
"——un, the clear evidence has been found...." "What
clear evidence?"
Hearing that question, Sora smirked.
"I'll talk about it at night, those Therianthropes have good ears. In fact, they
are probably listening already——Am I right? Old man."
"——Sorry for the wait."
*Kacha*, Ino opened the door and came in.
"This is the ambassador for the Eastern Union in Elchea——Hatsuse Izuna."
After the introduction, what walked into the door was——
A black eyed, black bob hair, has long and large fox-like ears and tail,
coupled with a big ribbon tied around the waist of a kimono—— no matter
how you looked at it, the little girl was probably at a single-digit age.
"How cu——"
Forgetting her behavior, Steph almost blurted out cute, but didn't get the
chance to finish.
"Hehehe, kemonomimi cute girl, come and play with big brother, I promise
big brother isn't suspicious at alll~."
"......Fluffy...........want to touch.........hehehehehehehehe....."
——When did they move?
Even with Jibril's eyesight, she still couldn't capture Sora and Shiro's
movements.
Both of them were already accurately stroking the girl's head and tail.
Facing against those two, the Therianthropes girl——Izuna responded in a
lovely voice:
"You bastards are touching me, des." [12]
......————
"———Eh?"

"Cuteness.....minus fifty points..."
Expressing their surprise, the siblings immediately retreated.
"You bastards don't stop now, des."
"Guu.....what?"
"You bastards better continue doing that, des."
Like a cat, Izuna narrowed her eyes and stuck her head out.
"Guuu~ah~really?"
"Its because you bastards suddenly touch me, I was surprised, des. But I
didn't say I hate it, des."
Her movements and facial expressions were contradicting, but Sora
immediately understood.
"......ah, ending the sentence with [des], is to make it more polite?"
"....!? Is that so, des!?"
To be honest, this world treated him very well.
In other words, the approval to caress her has already been given by Izuna.
"...Please don't take it to heart, my granddaughter only came to Elchea a year
ago, and isn't fluent with the human language—— moreover...."
Ino's expression suddenly changed.
"Oi! You bastard bald monkeys, don't think you bastards can take advantage
just because I'm being courteous. You bastards dare to touch my lovely
granddaughter with your filthy hands, be careful for I'll accidentally kill you
al ——"
———He then smiled again to correct his etiquette.
"I hope everyone can practice self-restraint and refrain from doing these
actions again."
Using cold and sharp eyes, Sora stared at him and said:
"————Old man, that isn't any human language, it's completely your
influence."
"Un? I don't get what you said."
Hiding behind Sora's back, Shiro replied: "....I hate
this grandpa.....minus 1000 points."
Then Shiro proceeded to stroke an eager Izuna. "....But
Izuna......is moeee[13].....plus 100 points."
Seeing how Shiro was stroking his granddaughter, Ino started to became
irate and quietly said:
"——Izuna, you can object if you hate it, it's alright!" "It's
okay, this is comfortable, continue, des."
"Ah, then I also want in." *Stroke
stroke stroke*
"Technique is good even though you are bald monkeys, des. You bastards
continue, des."
Izuna was expressionless like a cat, yet she was pleading with her eyes
closed. Sora then asked:
"Then could you stop calling us bald monkeys?"
"Why, des?"
"Because calling our names will make us happier. I'm Sora, she is my little
sister Shiro, pleased to meet you."
".....Pleased to meet you."
"Understood, des. Pleased to meet you, Shiro, Sora."
*Stroke stroke stroke*
"——Izuna, you prohibit grandpa from touching, yet the bald monkeys can
do it!"
"Grandpa's......technique is bad, the claws hurt, des."
Hearing the nonchalant reply from Izuna, Ino was frustrated while Sora
merely laughed aside and said:
"Kukuku......regarding the virtual Nintendo pet game, and my mastery of Hgame,
this sort of stroking technique is simply too easy, don't you
underestimate skilled gamers oh, old man."
"....Means..we haven't.....caress real animals yet."
"Please stop saying that, I'll become more empty!!"
Part 4
While Izuna was staring at the ceiling in a trance, Ino was nodding his head
in agreement.
On the other side of the table, with Sora as the lead, they were sitting face to
face.
"Then can the stupid monkeys explain why you are here today?"
"Since you can read minds, it ain't necessary right."
"This is a diplomatic meeting, a place where verbal and written
agreements are exchanged, are you monkeys too stupid to understand
that?"
"......Old man, you're being immature if you are angry just because your
granddaughter prefers our treatment."
Just when a crack appeared on Ino's smile, Jibril sweetly smiled and said:
"Master, the Therianthropes have below aggregate scores for mentality, just
like glass, they are fragile and prone to injury, please don't stab him in the
heart okay? Otherwise it's just too pathetic."
Ino's smile was almost approaching it's limit.
Just when he was considering whether or not to break all restraints and kick
those guys out, he stared into Sora's eyes.
——Instantly, Ino felt a chill run down his back.
In a moment the prankfulness and cynicism had disappeared without a trace.
What was there was an arrogant, rude, deceptive, yet doing numerous
calculations in his head—— [The King].
"My request is very simple——Hatsuse Ino."
Carrying an extremely confident smile, Sora said with a determined
expression.
"In exchange for your granddaughter's panties, I'll give you Steph's."
"——What!?"
"Oi! Bastard monkey, isn't that a bit too much!?"
Steph who suddenly became the topic of question and Ino shouted out.
However, Sora had a surprised reaction.
"Eh? You are unhappy with Steph's? Is Jibril's one better?" "If
Master commands, I'll gladly oblige."
At the same time, Jibril started stripping off her panties.
As if enduring something, Ino pressed onto his forehead and squeezed out
his voice:
"Oi, monkey, if you came here just to fool arou——"
"Nuu, Shiro's is a no-no, you are pretty sick if you wanted an 11-year-old
girl's panties. Or unless——yo, YOU WANT MINE!? Guuu, regarding
that......Even the tolerant me may be hesitant....."
Ino looked like he was about to explode, but Sora mercilessly continued:
"I say old man, can't it do? I'm allowing you to use Izuna's panties oh?"
"You bastard——Since you aren't talking about your true intentions, you
better get——"
Perhaps suffering from a headache, Ino pressed unto his forehead.
——Sora revealed an exceptionally mocking smile, as if he was a gambler
gambling for the win of his life.
"——Old man, sorry, but I've already seen through your fake ability to read
minds, such a mistake oh."
Ino's body startled, it was a response that was extremely difficult to
distinguish with the human eye, but to Sora, it was more than enough.
"Not going to talk about true intentions.....eh, although it looked like you
could read my thoughts, but if you could really read minds, you should've
agreed to a game with the panties as the bet. Because compared with the
panties, the result of the win, that is——"
"I've already understood the Eastern Union's game, it's because you aren't
that negligent to actually reveal the importance of [Memory elimination]
right."
Sora grinned while exposing a meaningful smile.
"....."
Ino was expressionless.
Because——
When Sora said those words, his pupil, heartbeat, even the sound of his
heartbeat, told him that everything the man in front of him said held his
words in full belief.
"Well since it has been [Confirmed], I'll grant your wish and tell you about
the true reason why we came here."
Lifting his feet up, Sora changed his posture.
"As the sixteenth sequenced race, the fully representative of the human
race [Elchea], Shiro and Sora."
Holding onto Shiro's hand, the oath was recited while raised.
"Complimenting the fourteen sequenced race of [Therianthropes] from the
[Eastern Union], and for congratulating the country for accepting us on our
route to [Conquer the world], and becoming the [Number one victim]. In this
[Country gamble], my request for your country is——"
With hostility hidden in his smile, Sora announced:
"——[Everything in your continent]."
——Hearing that sentence, everyone was dumbfounded with the exception
of Sora and Shiro.
Whether Ino, or the previously dazed Izuna, both of their faces became pale.
Because that request—— went past the limit.
"Ah, for my side the bet would still be Steph's panties." "Wh,
what!?"
"It would be perfect if you agreed to Izuna's panties, but it's sad, old man."
Everything in the Eastern Union's continent—— is betted with Steph's
panties?
Even Jibril used a suspecting gaze to check if her master was talking right.
Once again Sora opened his mouth.
Upholding his unwavering confidence, he said a sentence.
"Sorry, old man———It's [Check]."
No one understood the meaning behind that phrase.
At this time the bravest, or maybe the most curious, Jibril asked;
"Ma,master, can I ask what do you mean by that?"
"Eh? You still don't know?" "......Ah....."
The previously lost in thought Shiro suddenly let out this sound.
"As expected of Shiro, you understand right? Yes——this way the [Eastern
Union has no more moves]."
However, nobody comprehended the meaning behind that sentence except
for the duo.
Sora could only lazily reply:
"Well, I'll explain to everyone and to the self-proclaiming mind reading old
man."
"Half a century ago, the Eastern Union underwent rapid development in it's
technical aspect......but rapid development has it's difficulties."
Walking towards the sofa—— Sora sat on the sofa full of elasticity.
"The television in this room as well as the elevator from before, sofa, all these
modern technologies require resources from the mainland to be built.
Meaning, the mainland's resources are the lifeblood to your modern
technology. But the Eastern Union thrived in islands, and there was an
obvious need to obtain resources from the mainland—— However, [Before
that], Elven Gard went on the offensive."
"What a pain——[Aside from luring the enemy to attack us, we had no other
tricks]. But if we won against the world's largest country, then no one else
would come again to challenge a game whose details are unknown. But then
you still couldn't lose to the opposition—— And why is that so?"
Raising a finger while smiling, Sora said:
"Come, we'll use a sequence to solve the mystery. [Question 1] Why
eliminate the memory of the game?"
Shiro answered this question.
"......Because if didn't eliminate.......can't win again."
——Why would the Eastern Union include an [offensive strategy to lure the
enemy] if there are contradictory demands?
They had a need to do that, even if the conditions made them bear any
disadvantages.
If they deliberately lost to Elven Gard, then the contents of the game would
be exposed—— thus losing the advantage to win.
"However, there will be loopholes even if you do that."
Eliminating the memories about the game.
Indeed that would prevent any strong measures the person could take——
or so it seems.
"Even if the memory was eliminated—— in the end the [outcome] of the
game would always be revealed."
Hearing these words, Jibril suddenly woke up, but maintaining the
consistent expressionless face was Ino.
"Okay, followed by [Question 2], why did Elven Gard challenge 4 times?"
".....Because......Using the lost......try to crack the game......?"
Yes—— Elven Gard and Elchea were different, they were a big country.
[Probing] while being conscious of the losses they had, was an easy task.
"After losing once, Elven Gard speculated that it was a [Game that required
no use of magic], because when it comes to the reason why the Elves would
lose, the first suspicion would be this."
Putting up his finger, Sora continued onwards.
"Because their memory was eliminated, they couldn't understand the
contents of the game, but they speculated that it was a game that possibly
made magic ineffective. As for their second try, they linked arms with
outsiders to use
magic externally, but even so they still lost; by the third time, they used
some other way to identify the contents of the game."
Really, for the government to use magic, it really makes one envy, Sora
couldn't help but said so.
"With that, they went all out and challenged for the fourth time—— but
still lost. Am I right? Old man."
".......You really do have a great imagination."
It was a speculation from Sora, Ino based on this to respond in this way.
But thinking that one could bluff Sora—— was the biggest mistake.
From his expression, Sora saw it shook slightly, he then smiled and put up
two fingers.
"But this generated two questions, the first is, why did Elven Gard lose? Then,
more importantly—— why weren't they on the offensive again?"
——Yes, the question wasn't why they challenged before.
But why did they stop challenging.
In this game where losing was the only information revealed, people
couldn't just ignore this.
"There are two possibilities, they understood that the principles of the
game was made to make them lose."
Then Sora bent a finger.
"Or—— they knew what that game was, but still didn't understand why
they lost the game."
Laughing, Sora wore a confident smile and said:
"——But, if it was the former, they would have won if they exposed the
game. Which means, the [latter] is the correct answer."
Jibril—— The Heavenly Winged from the sixth sequence, felt a chill down
her spine.
The intelligence that Jibril was familiar with explained Sora's reasoning.
This was an extremely superb-like reasoning ability——
"But this was very weird, knowing the game, yet couldn't comprehend why
they lost the game."
How weird oh~ this is strange, Sora recited out before laughing and
continued his explanation:
"Unraveling the mystery that requires an incredible key—— you gave it to
me just now, old man."
Smiling ironically, Sora peered into Ino's eyes.
Watching the Therianthropes that claimed to read minds, Sora said:
"[Question 3]—— why lie about being able to read minds?"
"....Because they can't read it...."
With an almost instantaneous answer from Shiro, Sora nodded his head.
"What the lie represented, it would be very distressing if known right?"
"Okay, the answer is almost out oh? [Question 4] what is winnable, yet still
isn't winnable?"
With an elated expression, Sora.
"——come, I'll give everyone a hint!"
As if enjoying a guessing game, he deliberately acted and said:
"The Heavenly Winged, Elves, Mankind, to win against all these races with
different characteristics, only using it defensively, only works when using
memory elimination, doesn't require mind reading, a game belonging to a
race that is technically advanced. WHAT GAME IS IT!?"
Stealing a peak at the television, Shiro answered:
".....A game that can easily cheat......[Computer game]...."
Jibril and Steph didn't seem to understand this.
It's no wonder, because in this world, video games probably only existed in
the Eastern Union.
For this reason—— they needed to eliminate the memory to conceal it.
Because of this, the game couldn't be won.
——As long as they became the host, holding an electronic game...
Even if outside help was present, anything could be done, and even so the
risk of being discovered of cheating ——
——Was zero.
"To play this game, even magic is meaningless.....Aiya, as expected of a
technologically advanced country, amazing right?"
Sora said, his tone wasn't mockery, but a sincere feeling of appreciation.
"The reason why you boasted out that you could read minds, was to give the
defeated a residual doubt——[Why did we lose against you?] an answer. Not
letting the defeated an avenue to pursue. Actually, you can only see through
lies, but—— not read them."
Indeed—— it was exactly similar to Sora's pride in his skills.
Sora used facial expressions, posture and sound to see past lies.
While they used their superior senses to detect heartbeat and bloodflow.
This was the same theory as a master fraud claiming to be a psychic.
"......"
——On the dot.
The speculation wasn't wrong, Ino was speechless.
However, he didn't show any expression, only eroded by doubt.
Initially Sora—— before he was aware that Ino couldn't read minds.
Which was at the time when Sora was clamoring about those nonsensical
remarks about Izuna's panties.
Sora [was without any anxiety].
This implied that from the start he excluded the risk of being mind-read.
But as if in response with Ino's thoughts, Sora—— yes, like a mind reader
replied:
"Don't you think it is incredible old man, from the start I didn't sound like I
was bluffing."
His own guilty conscience was hidden deceptively?
At that time when Ino was thinking about it, Sora continued with a tinge of
mockery:
"Yes, that fact that you can't read minds—— I already knew from the start.
Why so?"
Okay, time for the last question—— Sora said.
"[Question 5] Why did they lose the game 8 times?"
The answer to this question was already known to Shiro, Steph and Jibril,
therefore——
"This question—— old man, I'll hand it to you, you should know right."
"————.....!"
———— unless the late king he?
The late king was the only one whose memory wasn't eliminated, while
partaking in the Eastern Union's game, they had won territory from the
mainland.
But, we agreed that the condition was that he does not inform anyone. Why
——
——No, not right.
The problem isn't there, it is——!
Still in the midst of thinking, Sora interrupted with a proud smile on his face:
"Yes, you should understand right. From what the late king could tell us, it
proves that you couldn't see through the late king's intent—— you
couldn't read his mind."
The late king's intent was——
"——The late king that signed the contract of [not telling it to anyone in
this lifetime]—— doesn't include death."
If this was true——
It explained how this man got the details of the game.
If he leaked the matter out, the Eastern Union would——
"Well, you should understand the situation right, old man."
Sora pretentiously continued with a malicious smile on his face:
"What a headache. Whatever you do requires you to remove my memory, but
if you bet on your continental territory with Steph's panties and played the
game with such a bet, then you must admit I was right."
Yes——then.
Just when Ino was about to make a decision, at the same time——
"Or placing everything I said as a speculation—— meaning not agreeing on
it, but [escaping]."
However, like a prey cornered by hunters, Sora broke Ino's thoughts and
grimly said:
——"You think I would let you escape?"——
"We bet on Humanity's everything——[The chess]."
When Sora said these words.
A faint glow of light appeared in front of Sora's eyes—— a piece.
Yes, that was....in this world where even the throne of god was determined.
In order to challenge god—— the sixteen chess pieces must be collected,
which means conquering all sixteen races——[Humanity's piece].
Humanity's piece———was a [king].
——Nobody present has seen it before.
Even Jibril who lived for 6000 years, this was the first time she saw a [piece].
Of course.
Because gambling a game with a [piece], was unheard of after the [Ten
Oaths].
——Not even once was it seen. For it was
the bet to power.
In the case of losing, it means surrendering forever.
And that is the same as——— demise.
"——You, are you serious— guuu!?"
Steph understood the seriousness of the situation.
She was about to yell: Are you serious, but was immediately pinned down by
Jibril, with a hand covering her mouth.
——The way it has become, it was a bet for everything, all territory in the
continent.
"So now if you escape, it's basically announcing to the world that I was
correct."
Saying with a smile, without any fear, Sora watched the self-proclaimed mind
reader—— Ino's eyes.
"Okay, it's check aga....no, this would be [Checkmate]." Sora
boldly said.
"——Did you read past this move? Old man." Peering at
the grinning Sora, Ino shed cold sweat.
——How did this happen?
With the last remaining city, betting with a [piece], the inferior race that
was about to lose everything.
Trying to achieve dominance against the Eastern Union that won every
game so far.
Coupled with logical reasoning that forced him into a corner. This
situation —— how did it happen.
But——Ino.
He tried to keep his facade—— no, he faked out a calm appearance to reply:
"I can only say that your imagination is great, your highness, are you sure
you are not being negligent of one thing?"
Even with inner anxiety, Ino's will was still unshakable, and he sustained
the fight.
"If your fantasy is true, doesn't it mean that——[Elven Gard knowing the
circumstances still lost]?"
——Indeed, the Eastern Union must be forced to accept this challenge.
However, if it was what Sora had speculated.
The Eastern Union must use that game to fight.
And like the past, add another record to the win—— However.
Sora, with a wry smile, replied:
"Old man, how did I communicate with you when I was at the library——if
you really could read the mind, you shouldn't have pretended to
understand
everything, but frankly be surprised."
Staring into Ino's eyes, Sora revealed a splenetic smile and revealed his
trump card.
"Because we—— are not humans from this world."
——In the [World of the past].
They were undefeated in over two hundred and eighty kinds of game, and
were even known as urban legends.
In the countless rumors, there was this such recount—— that Ino didn't
understand.
——Even with hack and cheats, overcoming them was impossible.
"........."
On reflex, Ino wanted to conclude that he was lying. However,
whatever Sora did, was not shown to have a lie.
If what he said was a [lie], then this man, at any circumstances could fake a
lie perfectly.
If what he said was the [truth], then it exposed the fact that he couldn't
read his mind.
"......!"
Either way—— Ino couldn't answer.
Sora's smile seems to imply: That's right, it's fine that way.
"When I came here, you thought I was as stupid as the late king right?"
But——
"....Sorry to disappoint you, but this time you're about to get eaten——
Therianthropes."
Listening to the heartbeat of this Human King, aside from the [truth], any
reaction wasn't felt, causing Ino to gasp.
"Okay."
——Sora stood up, quickly followed by the others.
"Just like that, but this requires the entire territory as a bet, I don't think it is
something you can decide on your own, so you can confirm with your
country and notify me the date of the bet."
Ah, also also——Sora added on.
"I don't need to say, but for the game of betting the [piece], the whole of
Imanity has the rights to spectate, so you'll need to prepare the premises
and equipment oh. And also we are fighting as four, you have no rights to
refuse, so I guess this is bye?"
After Sora said these comfortably, he waved at Izuna who was sitting across
him.
"Bye, Izuna, we should play games the next time okay——?"
"...Although I don't know, des. But——"
However, her familiarity like before was gone.
"Sora and Shiro——came to find Izuna... for a fight, des?"
Hidden in her eyes were burdened with some responsibility as she looked at
the [enemy].
Charged with the responsibility of being a guardian of something—— those
eyes that were in a state of readiness.
"Fight? No such thing, only a game."
Hearing Sora said that, Izuna used sharp eyes to glare at him.
"Then you are enemy, des."
Eyes filled with [Hostility], the petite girl growled while saying so.
"....I won't lose to you, des."
However, in contrast, Sora gazed at her with [kind] eyes.
"Sorry, but Izuna will lose, there is no doubt about that. 『 』 accept
no defeats."
"....Baibai.....Izuna-chan, see you later...."
The siblings left and waved, while Jibril carried Steph who was unrelentingly
resisting and chased after them.
Looking at the figure of those four that left.
They unhesitatingly operated the elevator buttons, and with that the door
gradually closed.
Hatsuse Ino and Hatsuse Izuna could only watch them leave.
Part 5
"Lo, lo, look what you've just doneee
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
hhhhhhhh
Once they had returned to the city, Steph started shouting, causing Sora to
cover his ears.
"Wh, wh, why didn't you inform us that that would happen!!!"
"You would've opposed if I told you?"
Sitting on the throne, Sora said so while playing a link battle on the DSP with
Shiro. Steph however protested.
"Of, of course! You, do you know what you've just done!?"
"Placed at stakes three million human lives, to seal the enemy's retreat."
Widening his eyes, it seemed to imply—— what's the problem then?
Steph was so surprised she was almost speechless, but still managed to
squeeze out some words.
"Yo, yo, youuuuu, how are you going to be responsible if you loseee!?"
But—— Sora replied with:
"Responsible? Who is responsible?" This time
Steph was really speechless.
"If you lose, humanity will end, why isn't there any responsibility?"
He however didn't seem to be interested in what Steph was saying.
"Compared to that, Steph—— don't you think it is fun?"
No—— a pleasant smile emerged out.
"A game where you bet on three million human lives, if you win, the
territories would increase, the Eastern Union and their kemonomimi will
become ours —— such a rare game, isn't it exhilarating and fun?"
*nods nods*
Sora laughed innocently, while Shiro who was sitting on his lap nods her
head and smiled.
Seeing their reactions, Steph felt her back shudder.
———————— Mad.
To describe these siblings, euphemistic words like [abnormal] and
[aberration] shouldn't be used.
Indeed, the real meaning, is that they are literally —— mad.
"Wha, what are you guys treating human lives as."
Facing up against their sanity, Steph felt terror rather than contempt, she
wanted to run, but she stood her ground and started complaining:
"I despise you.......I thought you were doing those ridiculous actions for
humanity. I was wrong for thinking that——!"
Steph scolded them, this scenario has happened for quite some time already.
But this time, there was a clear difference as her eyes held genuine contempt
and disappointment.
—— Sora still nonchalantly answered:
"Calm down, Steph.....this is only a game oh?"

——Just this sentence, all doubts to Steph turned into belief.
Believing in this man——was a grave mistake.
This man, no, this pair of siblings were only playing.
In actuality, they had never placed Humanity or the Eastern Union in their
eyes.
They only think that this world itself is a game——!!!
(——Handing over grandfather's greatest achievement to these kind of
people was a mistake—)
Despair, disappointment, fear—— countless of emotions flooded Steph's
heart.
However Jibril only held admiration for Shiro and Sora. "As
expected of my master and monarch....——"
——For victory, even the lives of the civilians could be placed on the tables.
Without any plans or strategies, but to assure a [win].
Steph feared the [Unknown].
However, for the same [Unknown], Jibril was full of envy, interest and
yearning.
"You, what are you saying! This is completely irresponsible——"
"Then Dora-chan, let me ask you."
Rarely seeing Jibril display such seriousness in her eyes, Steph flinched.
"You said how were they going to be responsible if they lose. But conversely,
if they win, everyone in the Therianthropes would lose their jobs, land,
property, denied of their rights, even die. You want master to be in charge of
that responsibility? Or is that the responsibility of the losers?"
"——Th, that...."
....She couldn't rebuke.
However, even so—— Sora's action was too irresponsible.
At least. At least think of seeking the consent of the people right?
Jibril continued speaking.
"Even if war is prohibited, the world would still continue and people
would still die."
————The world that prohibits usage of force.
Conversely, there is only that.
"As long as indirect ways are used like plunder and domination, murdering
was still possible."
This was the [Ten Oaths], and——
This was how the humans have been treated up to now.
"Dora-chan doesn't want the bet to happen, and allow humanity to end?"
"No, no....Not like that——! But!"
Doing that kind of thing isn't responsible at all.
That kind of thing, is too strange—— Steph said so, but—— "The
so-called authoritarian figures exist because of that." Jibril
herself was one of the authoritarian figures.
Using cold and emotionless eyes to gaze at Steph, she categorically said:
"Whether in reality or in game, eventually it would still be [Mutual killing]—
— what responsibility is in there?"
——Facing those words that was spoken out by someone who experienced
the war, Steph was speechless.
But, unexpectedly—— [Sora] let out an uncertain voice.
"Hm? No, nobody will die, I said that this was only a game right?"
"——Eh?"
"What?"
"Ah?" ".....Un....?"
Those words didn't seem right.
At the moment when everyone widened their eyes in surprise.
Suddenly, as if having an understanding, Sora said out:
"Ah.....okay okay, I understand, so it's about that eh."
Always feeling that something was wrong, Sora finally found the reason.
"I always find it weird that even though this world is decided by games,
there was still a sense of tension. It appears that you all—— have the same
ideals
as the people in our world......really surprising."
"......Ahh."
Similarly, Shiro appeared to have noticed and nodded.
"I see, no wonder nobody has appeared to solve the game of this [World]
—— no wonder God called us here."
Perhaps he had figured out the problem and solved it.
Returning his gaze back to his game console, Sora replied ambiguously:
"Rest assured, we will follow our declaration and conquer this world,
conquer everything and leave nothing behind."
Then, Sora suddenly thought of something.
"Oh yah, and Steph."
"Eh....what?"
"You asked me what happens if I lose, so I will tell you seriously."
The pleasant smile from before was gone.
With a serious expression, he stared into Steph's eyes and said:
"——We won't lose, didn't we say it was [Checkmate]?"
With assurance, Sora said.
"The game with Eastern Union is already over, they can't win against us."
——However, because his target was too over the top, Steph couldn't
believe him.
"......Correct, we still need one more puzzle, soon—— the puzzle will come
soon enough."
We'll play some games while waiting until then. Finishing
with those words, Sora resumed the game.
——Only the sister could understand him.
Countless tips were left behind.
And the two who couldn't obtain an answer from those tips.
Jibril and Steph could only—— look at each other.
Epilogue - Fake End
Part 1
.....A week has passed——since the declaration of war on the Eastern
Union.
The news that Sora had bet [Imanity's piece] spread quickly.
During the selection of the Kings, Sora single-handedly defeated the spy from
the Elves.
From there onwards, the suspicion that [Sora was another country's spy]
gradually rose after he defeated the Flügel.
Coupled with some nobles that harbored resentment against Sora,
demonstrations took place.
The King City of Elchea was surrounded by a human wall, with the people
haranguing non-stop at Sora.
——Just like that, Steph dragged her tired feet into the throne hall, before
saying:
"Sora....I'm unable to oppress them anymore."
Even the ministers suspected Sora.
Thus even they partook in the demonstrations against Sora.
"The nobles that followed us can't support us anymore because of this
incident......Even the ministers are holding a joint boycott, Elchea is pretty
much in anarchy right now...."
Steph also held distrust to Sora.
Even so, Steph was trying hard to dispel the animosity of the people.
Perhaps feeling that it was useless, Steph slumped onto the ground.
"You've worked hard, Steph. Everything will be solved once the game with
the Eastern Union is over."
Sora nonchalantly sat on the throne while playing games with Shiro.
He encouraged Steph while saying with a wry smile:
"We are spies from another country? It's too late, they should have doubted
us once we defeated the Elven spy."
——like this.
Steph still held distrust to Sora, who mocked the civilians' attempt. "......What
are you going to do? The demonstrations have already occurred." "Nothing,
just let them do what they want."
In this world, demonstrations were meaningless.
If someone was unsatisfied with Sora——they could challenge him and take
over his authority——but, no one dared to challenge.
Which was to say, they couldn't do anything.
".....Then can I ask, what was Sora doing for the past week?" This
sentence was half-ironic, half truly needing an explanation.
The answer was very simple. "I am
waiting."
——that was it.
".....You are waiting for the reply from the Eastern Union regarding your
challenge right?"
"Un~ No, that would be troublesome, I hope they can wait a bit longer
more."
After replying with such an incomprehensible answer, Sora continued:
"Before that, I wish for a [puzzle] to come——its too long to explain....." As
such, Sora didn't know who he was complaining to.
——suddenly, Jibril who was beside him had a reaction. "——
Master, this is...."
But before Jibril could finish her sentence, Sora interrupted her and said: "I
know, you finally came, don't let me wait for too long okay?" ——everyone
directed their eyesight to what Sora was talking to. However, there was no
one present in his line of sight.
Jibril probably felt the presence.
But, Steph couldn't see——even Shiro too, so they had to watch as Sora
spoke.
"Yes, I know your intentions, of course, anytime is possible."
——Sora said while gently lifting Shiro up and placing her on the ground to
stand.
He then stood up and surveyed around.
.....Shiro, Steph, Jibril, and.....
Sora boldly stared at [That] which only he could see. Taking
a deep breath, Sora faced to Shiro and said: "Shiro, listen
carefully."
"....Un?"
"I believe you." "....Shiro believes too."
An immediate answer from Shiro, Sora couldn't help but respond with a
smile.
"Shiro, we are indispensable."
"Shiro, we are bound together with a promise."
"Shiro, we are not the lead characters in a Shounen manga."
"Shiro, we always win before the game starts."
Sora said all these sentences in flat succession. It felt as
if——
"......Nii....?"
A bad feeling had emerged.
Shiro uneasily called out to her brother.
And as if responding to her calls, Sora smiled and stroked his sister's head
before saying:
"——We'll go and get, the last piece of the puzzle required to swallow
Eastern Union."
Then——
Sora laughed and said to that:
"——okay, shall we start the game?"
....——
.....————————
Part 2
Sunlight from the windows shined onto her eyes.
".....Un....Guuu......."
But she refused to wake up, her consciousness still wanting to drift back to
sleep.
Feeling loyal to her desires, Shiro turned her body, intending to sleep again.
As usual, she grabbed onto her brother's arm, and once again drift—— Her
hands didn't catch what was supposed to be her brother's arm, only air.
"...Guu....?"
Again——fallen off the bed?
However, with her half awake mind, she remembered that she was sleeping
on the bedroom of the King.
In order to confirm the presence of her brother, she reluctantly opened her
sleepy eyes——
The person that was supposed to be there had——
————..........
The capital of Elchea——Elchea.
This was the last bastion of the human species, after countless number of
defeats of trying to obtain land.
In the castle of the King City, a young girl walked down the promenade.
Stephanie Dora.
Granddaughter of the late king, a highborn girl with red-hair and blue eyes.
——having said so.
She had dark circles under her eyes and her heavy footsteps showed how
exhausted she was.
She staggered towards the [King]'s bedroom while holding poker cards and
having a strange smile. Almost as if she was a ghost.
"Heh, hehehehe.....today is the day."
After a whole night, her consciousness was about to get cut off.
Stephanie—— known as Steph, leaked out a dangerous smile. "—
—Shiro, are you awake! Its morning already oh!"
Kok kok, kok kok.
Steph had poker cards in her hands, so she had to knock on the door with
her feet.
But......
The door probably wasn't even closed at all.
Because when she knocked on the door, it naturally opened——
"Eh? Weird....unless she's awake already....?"
Steph peeped into the King's bedroom.
What was there——
"Nii.... Nii, where are you.... Shiro's fault.....Shiro won't ever....fall of
bed....... so come back.... guuuu....... "
Holding her knees and trembling non-stop, while tears flowed out was Shiro.
"——Hey...eh? Wha, what happened Shiro!?" Steph
was ranting just now.
After looking at her acting weirdly, she hurriedly placed the cards on the
floor and ran to Shiro.
"Wh, what happened? Do you feel uncomfortable?" Shiro
however was unable to hear Steph's voice. She was
crying while exclaiming out:
"Nii......Nii....Come out.....Don't leave Shiro alone...."
Hearing her cry so hard, Steph who seemed very worried asked:
"Th, that......who is the brother you speak off? I'll, I'll bring the person out
okay?"
————
Shiro finally heard Steph's voice.
What was Steph talking about?
There was only one brother that Shiro had.
She took out her phone and opened the contact book, but——
"....Lies....."
——How could this be possible?
There was only one contact number in her phone; her brother in which case.
But.
Why——
Why did her phone show —— [0 contacts].
"....Impossible.....Lies......Lies, lies......"
Shiro started to pale, her white skin losing even more colour. Steph
felt something was unusual, and desperately called out to her. "Shiro,
Shiro! Hey, are you alright!? What's wrong!!"
However, she was already unable to see Steph's existence.
Shiro suddenly opened the messages, mailbox address and image data folder
of her phone, but.....none.
——there was no trace of her brother.
".....Lies......this is......absolutely a lie.." Shiro
confirmed the date of her phone.
——21st.
The game they played for the throne was——19th.
Shiro instantly confirmed the date by recalling all the images stored in her
mind. Without a doubt, the handheld game consoles, tablet, and phone all
pointed to 19th.
Then on the 20th.
——what was she doing yesterday? ——
......None.
Her memories—— were blank.
Shiro's memories could recall the contents of a book read five years ago.
This was as if——she slept for an entire day.
——Her brother isn't around.
There were no contacts in her phone.
There were also no historical traces from the mails.
——This proved that there were no evidence about her brother's existence
Shiro categorised all her findings
And narrowed it down to three possibilities.
Possibility number 1: Some sort of power erased her brother's [Existence]
from this world.
Possibility number 2: She was becoming [crazy].
Possibility number 3: Or perhaps she was crazy in the first place——[But
now she's back to normal].
However, regardless of which of the possibilities are correct.
To Shiro, that was not enough for her to withstand the outcome of the
answers.
With her trembling voice, she squeezed out her voice.
——because she expected to hear the answer she didn't want to hear at all.
But she relied on her last hope, and asked Steph——mentioning his name
this time.
"......Steph....Nii.......Where.....Is.....[Sora]....?"
However, the response to her question.
Was just as expected.
——The response she didn't want to hear.
"....Sora? Is that a name? Who is it?"
——Ahh.
——she hoped.
This is a nightmare.
If she woke up, her brother would still be sleeping beside her.
Then she would say——[Good morning].
Shiro prayed for this desire, her eyes gradually turned dark
——Shiro, fainted.

Afterword
Hello everyone, it's been a while. I am author and illustrator Kamiya Yuu.
——Hi, finally the second volume is published. I'm glad it gone through.
I've been responsible for several mangas and illustration work in the past
that were sold in stores. But as a light novel writer, I'm totally new.
Therefore, when I submitted the manuscript for this, I was sooooo scared
that my stomach started to hurt, I wanted to hide myself in a hole and
escape from reality.
When the editor called and brought me back to life, my book was already
published!
Thanks to that, I've successfully ignored the stress and pressure.
"That...even if it's a lie, but to say that you are escaping from reality just
from the second volume."
Ahh! Isn't this S-editor who is in charge of me!
"Eh? Did I not tell you the deadline to the promotional materials?"
Weren't you the one who told me to do that on the eve of the deadline, it's
the second volume and you're already becoming a Super S, S-editor-san.
Ahh~ Really, what do you want with me this time——
"Nothing, it's just that your illustrations for this book are not too good."
....Sorry.
"Oh yeah Kamiya-sensei. Could you not finish the originals for volume two,
then say you want to [Completely rewrite] it?"
....Sor, ry.
"And don't think just because you go from Japan and Brazil, you can seriously
probe about the affairs between both countries, say [Ah, forget it], and then
nonchalantly emend the originals that you've already sent....."
....Sorry, I shouldn't be born....
Guuuu, that, let's cheer up!
This volume in fact was originally to be volume 1.
The first volume was to be in the [Chapter 1], then this would volume
would be [Chapter 2], then the third volume to be [Chapter 3]——
I don't know why, but I've received a letter telling me not to rush things.
"....You were intending to publish a nine hundred paged book?"
Th, that...I don't know how much text is in a novel, or maybe I don't actually
know how to allocate it.
In, in any case, next volume, Sora needs to use the most [Despicable move]
in order to conquer the world.
This volume was just as Sora said, [Checkmate].
So whether if you are reading from the afterword, or readers who have
finished the book, you should try to predict what Sora thinks——ah, but I'll
be depressed if you could, so please don't guess it...Speculating is better.....
....Okay, because there is space here, I'll like to introduce the some things
that weren't mentioned.
Because this is [Materialising Word connector].
.....................................................................................................................
"....Okay, then I'll chose a simple one——[Meat]," Then
Sora's words materialised.
....But....Eh?
"Why——I said [Meat], but why did a sexy blond girl appear!?"
In contrast to Jibril's radiant smile, Shiro had cold eyes.
"....Nii, impression...."
"Ah, ahhh....Sorry, I think it got affected by my impression?"
..................................................................
——it was supposed to have such a paragraph.
"That.....wouldn't that be quite bad....."
Yes, yes, if it was [Materialising creations], then if a [Spatial bomb] was said,
the universe would be in trouble, so I had to scrub that idea off. Ah, but it
ends with [ん]
[14]
.
"No, it's not that kind of method."
And when Sora had an impression of [Eating meat], then——but can this be
used?
"No oh? (Smiles)"
Anyways, half of this contents were penned in Brazil.
I did write in volume 1 that because of illness I had to go back to Brazil for
several years.
Therefore, in order to grasp it in Brazil, and to make sure I don't have any
inconvenience, I'm living in a rental apartment.
——Conclusion: No, it is impossible to work in Brazil.
"....Eh? Isn't that your homecountry? What is the problem——?
The problem is huge! Every time a soccer match starts, the whole city
shakes!!
"...Something like an earthquake?"
The cheers and fireworks, and whenever there is a goal, residents will
start yelling!
"....As expected of Brazil eh......"
IN fact, I like football!
But that kind of yelling regardless of time, breaks my concentration and
more importantly, I can't sleep!!
Dad! The deadline is approaching, please don't grab my hand everytime
there is a goal——












Prologue - Data Load
Part 1
At what age do humans become sensitive to their surroundings?
To her, the [Oldest memory] she had was when she was less than a year old.
Although she had already forgotten the first sentence that she had
mumbled out.
It was her mother's pale expression after hearing her talk that became her
first memory.
――――――――…………
Soon afterwards, she was sent to a [White facility].
Surrounded by four walls of utter whiteness, there was a pale-skinned and
abnormal girl.
Aside from her, there were also other children, but she didn't really
integrate into the scenery.
Her heterogeneous ruby-like eyes were always looking downwards.
But yet in front of her, there was a hill of piled-up foreign books, none of
which were befitting for any two year-old children.
...............And from that time, she began to be aware of the term [Games].
There were big people that were clad in white uniforms, as though wanting
to conduct an [Intelligence test], prepared out several games.
However, the games brought were fairly simple and boring, and everyone
soon lost interest with it.
[Unable to measure] —— leaving behind this conclusion, the people that
played with her gradually disappeared.
When she had come to realize that she could play by herself, a year had
already past in the facility she was in.
Whether it was chess, shogi or go, she played on her own. And as the silence
continued for the girl, the big people that were no longer dressed in white
uniform started to speak.
..............Quiet, yet pure memories.
But there were also some memories that were labeled as [Boring] to her——
Two years later, there was a reunion with a woman that seemed to be her
mother.
The girl still remembered that the woman was talking happily about getting
a new husband, and as the girl looked into her eyes, it displayed confusion
just like the big people with white uniform.
That was when she was three years old.
The "new father" of the girl brought that person that was seven years
older than her to meet her.
When the adults were having mutual-fawning talks, the young boy
occasionally smiled.
But that smile did not come from his heart and it could be used to respond to
anyone else.
In other words— a smile that contained nothingness and expressionless.
Facing against the boy who was smiling nonchalantly, a mouth was opened
before saying out:
".....Really......how empty......"
The boy that claimed to be Sora, widened his eyes after hearing her speak.
As if confirming that it was not his imagination——
The girl remembered the first time in her life where she saw "Colors", being
present on the boy's face.
And what meaning did the "Colors" contain; the girl had yet to comprehend.
The boy——Sora, said:
"Then, let's play games!"
——That day, the girl felt the joy of playing games for the first time.
A total of 20 games were used.
At the beginning, the girl had an overwhelming victory.
But as the number of games started to increase, the boy's action became
more and more unpredictable.
As if mocking the Joseki [1], they kept changing and changing. When playing
chess, bizarre tactics that were utilised by Sora was incomprehensible to
Shiro, and the result was 10 wins and 10 losses.
Even though this was the first time the boy won, he didn't flaunt off his
victories either.
It was exactly like her—— barely able to suppress their joy.
That face, did not contain any traces of confusion anymore.
The girl still did not understand the nature behind the colored expression.
The boy— Sora— her brother, said:
"Although your useless brother relied on tricks to obtain victories, but from
now on, it's a pleasure to meet you. Shiro."
The first time someone acknowledged her by name.
For the first time, the girl truly felt, that this was [Affection], something she
had long pursued.

The girl understood that she could truly live here and be accepted.
The lifeless, monologue-like memory finally ended and colors started to
emerge.
She felt that her chest was swarmed with something she didn't know.
What she could do was lower her sights and gently nod her head. As
time elapsed, the siblings began to live together.
Those that were called parents were no longer present.
"Meh, from now on, it's just you and me then."
Her brother mouthed out such words. Just hearing that, the girl no longer
desired other things.
From that point onwards, with their names joined together they started to
play online games.
Conjoining the two names, 『 』was created.
One after another, her brother kept coming up with strange, adaptable
strategies that even she herself could not imagine.
But then, the precise and accurate deductions that she calculated out had
far exceeded the expectations of her brother.
At that time, the siblings started to play games as a [Two in One].
With an unbroken streak of victories, the two of them even got regarded as
an Urban Legend on the internet.
——From that moment, it became unknown and genuine memories for the
girl, whose suspicion came through.
When they defeated the self-proclaimed Kami on internet chess, they were
thrown into another world.
This was a world where everything was determined by games, restrained by
a force known as the [Ten Oaths]—— the world called [Disboard]
What would happen if ordinary people were thrown into another world?
Anxiety, loneliness, or lose hope and feel lost?
However, in the girl's memory, she felt none of the points aforementioned.
It was because she had already decided that her hope was to grip onto her
brother's wrist.
To challenge this world with her brother, where everything was
concluded with games.
——Ah—Ah, it was such a pleasant thing.
Furthermore, what was she waiting for?????
"So........it will be fine as long as I become a woman!"
The voice resounded throughout the audience chamber in the kingdom of
Elchea.
The owner of the voice belonged to a black-haired youth sitting on the
throne ——Sora.
He was dressed in a conspicuous [I ♥ humans] T-shirt and he wore a bent
tiara like an armband. This was Disboard's Elchea—— humanity's king.
Because of this sudden proclamation, three people were stunned beyond
words.
"What is this man saying."
There was one person with red hair that stared at Sora with relatively
cold blue eyes.
Stephanie Dora, AKA Steph.
The well-educated granddaughter of the previous king of Elchea.
However, she made no attempt to disguise her expression to Sora.
"—— really, as expected of master, such far-reaching ideas eh."
Another person praised Sora's words. Her amber eyes contained enthusiasm.
Jibril—— her long hair kept changing in colors due to the reflection of light,
a beautiful girl that could only exist in fantasy games.
The Halo above her head and wings sprouting out of her waist clearly
indicates that she was not human.
For her who was in the sixth position out of the intellectual [16 races],
when her master revealed his thoughts, she clasped her hand as if it was
the apocalypse, trying to decipher the meaning behind those words.
"If master became a woman, then the development of the M18[2] will turn
into a same-sex friendship slapstick."
Sora nodded with satisfaction, and exchanged glances with the last person.
"Come, my little sister, swear upon the Oath, have a game with me and beat
me!"
The words Sora muttered was directed to a girl with ruby-like eyes,
currently perched on his lap——Shiro.
An eleven-year-old girl whose bundled front hair was worn by a crown.
".......I don't think......possible."
"Eh——why? I thought the [Ten Oaths] had to be complied after being the
pledge? Forcefully allowing Steph to love me, letting Jibril to be my property.
Then it should allow me to become a female ah!"
"After all that had happened, you still treat it as it never happened!?"
It belonged to a victim's cries—— up to this point, no one could respond
back tenderly.
"It is unfortunate Master, but what Shiro-sama said was indeed correct."
"Eh? Why?"
"Because it cannot comply with something that is impossible."
Shiro nodded in recognition of Jibril's explanation, and Sora finally
understood.
........Actually, it was something easily understood after some consideration.
"For example, if Steph's opponent in a game proposed a request for her to
[Finish one hundred meters in one second], it would be void because it is
physically impossible. But she still has to find a way to accomplish this
request eh."
"Yes, it is so."
".......That......why am I used as an example?"
Steph imagined herself running like mad, because Sora might actually ask
her to do this sort of unreasonable thing. So to try and dispel her fears, she
became alert and inquired.
Brainstorming, Sora changed his posture and said:
"Wait, so it will also be impossible if there was a request like [Turn me into
a Riajuu][3] right?"
For some unknown reasons, there were unrealistic [Delusions] floating in
front of Sora's eyes.
"In fact, whether it turns master into a Riajuu or not, I believe it is possible
for master to be a Riajuu, regardless of your bad personality. Bottom line, it's
because master has only one way of thinking right?"
"As a NEET, and a useless gamer, I cannot help but be attracted to the life of a
Riajuu !?"
Sora desperately shouted just by imagining that moment.
".......In that case, it is necessary to determine the limits of the 【Oaths】......"
Steph had never pondered so seriously before, but her eyes seemed to be
asking Sora to "Go and work".
On the other hand, Shiro after some deep thinking made a suggestion.
"........... Additional condition........ personality change............ how?"
"........... So it's that, maybe this would ease out some things, Steph, please."
"That.....
... let me reiterate, why me?"
"Because the easiest tester would have the best results."
Steph could not grasp the almost instantaneous answer from Sora.
"Then let's start, the challenged will be Steph."
——.
"...........Fine, I understand."
Steph suppressed her emotions, pretending to have given up.
(......No matter what, I will always lose to Sora.)
(It was the same now, I can't even voice out that I will win against Sora.)
(Not to mention at the present case, the need to intentionally lose.)
(But what if the result, the additional request was to become Sora's?)
(Unless, this is the once in a century chance to win over Sora!?)
Steph desperately restrained the joy in her heart.
"It can't be helped, as long as I intentionally lose right?"
"Whether intentional or not, you'll still lose in the end. So for this experiment,
we will state the conditions first. The game will be Chess, if I win, [Steph will
become me for 30 minutes]. If Steph wins, [Sweets will be awarded]. Well,
whatever, it doesn't even make sense. Well, I swear to the Oaths."
"Eh eh, I swear upon the Oaths....."
——swear upon the Oaths.
Obeying the [Ten Oaths] set by Kami, the game with absolute compliance
began.
...........Forty seconds later.
".............Steph, you can't be this weak right, it's so miserable even if you
decided to lose..."
For Steph who lost to Sora in just five turns, she smiled and replied:
"Hehehe.......in that case, another strong gambler will be added into
humanity."
Suddenly staring at Sora, Steph grinned and laughed.
"Let's begin the game Sora, it's time for you to duel against me who
triumphed over Kami oh?"
The flow of the atmosphere surrounded the girl, and she spoke
contradicting words before giving a condescending look to Sora.
"Hehe, it was you who jumped into your own dug grave, so why hesitate
now? Our bet will be [Always become you] oh. Let's fulfill the Oaths."
While Steph made a grand gesture with her actions, she spoke
(misunderstanding).
Sora fought against the boss while conversing with Shiro.
"Shiro, I am that sort of character?"
"..........A bit......different."
"Dora-chan is probably complying to the Oaths, and she is reproducing the
personality she sees in master."
In that case, the intended action of wanting to be a Riajuu cannot be
accomplished anymore. If one wants to become Sora, it turns out to be like
this.
"........That, are you overstating me or belittling me, this is such a bad
judgement....."
Steph lifted up her bangs, while Sora watched her and reminisced about the
past, before responding to her request.
".........Well, okay, it's more depressing than I thought it would be. For this
side, let Steph becomes normal if we win——I pledged to the Oaths."
...........Forty seconds later.
"What happened!? Shouldn't I be as strong as you!?"
For a very natural reaction coming from Steph who lost in the same time as
before, Jibril said.
"Didn't we say it before, the Oaths can't fulfill the impossible."
"So it's impossible for me to be better than Sora!?"
If there was an expression that was betrayed by the world, it was currently
displayed on Steph's face.
"Not exactly, even if Dora-chan felt like she became master, the thinking and
memory of both parties were not shared."
"You used me as a test even when you knew the situation!?"
"Of course! How in the world are you going to be neck and neck with me!?"
To be truthful, if she really became Sora.
It would be fine if she was with Shiro, but Sora can never be Humanity's
strongest alone.
"Fuuuu..........but it's still insufficient. Maybe it's because Steph has poor
performance."
"Can you not say it's because of my performance ability!?"
"Jibril, it's your turn, you are a The Heavenly Winged, so you should be able
to imitate me right?"
Maybe it was possible, something Sora looked forward to, but the
unexpected question surprised Jibril, who said:
"Me to become master? I think that is impossible." "Eh,
why?"
".......No, if it's my master's will, then I will even bet my soul to challenge."
Jibril lowered her head, as if she had done something miserable. ——.........
After much discussion, Jibril also lost to Sora.
Under the absolute compliance to the Oaths, she changed her stature.
"Whoa, even looks could be changed!" "............Yes.....Jibril.....created by
Elementals......"
Sora and Shiro widened their eyes and stared at her, both uttering out
surprised voice.
For The Heavenly Winged, changing physique was not impossible.
This was the glimmer of hope after the abandonment of the [Sora feminine
plan]—— the expression of Sora was calm with joy, but it slowly began to
twitch.
Jibril was like the exact replica of Sora—— it was still normal until here.
But slowly, four pairs of wings started to grow out.
".........Ah........ah?"
Something above Jibril's head appeared, a huge and bright halo.
Then, she opened her mouth and weaved out some words:
"——I was one of the weakest."(Take note she is speaking in Sora's terms.)
.........Sora became more speechless than before.
"Ah, what happened?"
"Weakest yet the strongest. Challenging Kami, bound by the【16 races】.
The known becoming the unknown. That's because I will be in charge of the
people who changed the world. Why have you called me, powerless people?"
——Suddenly, the silence began where even droplets of water dripping on
the floor could be heard.
"Ah ~~~~"
So this is the case.
"..........Jibril, using Gurren Lagann to evaluate me is simply too
exaggerated....."
In the end it was just as Jibril had said, she shouldn't have the memories of
that time.
At the start, he was braced with subjective ideas.
——Comparing with the two, Sora should be the new master Jibril served.
Although Sora understood that he underwent deification in her heart, but—
—
"That, did I really have Chuunibyou [4] ?!"
"Although it is concentrated, but Sora's words and actions are indeed like
that."
Shiro and Steph's words were probably more unexpected than Jibril's.
"..........I should probably re-examine myself."
Taking the words literally, Sora felt like digging a hole to hide.
Sora used both his hands to cover his face and erased his presence from Jibril
who resembled Sora.
Part 2
".......which means even if it's the mandatory law to follow the Oaths,
something beyond the limits will still be impossible."
Sora deeply sighed while saying so. Afterwards, Jibril who turned back to her
own self echoed out:
"Unfortunately, it seems to be the case. Which means that Master's
feminine plan—"
"Ah—How unfortunate, it's cannot be done."
However, that was natural.
"Then...........for the game players, they don't have the rights to increase their
strength. Which also means that humans can "indirectly" fight with magic."
"It's better to say—" Sora put his fingers on his lips and continued. "I am
looking forward to finding loopholes from the 【Ten Oaths】."
""——!""
Steph and Jibril swallowed a mouthful of saliva after hearing Sora's words.
Although he kept saying nonsense, he wanted to jump out of the rules laid
down by Kami.
——Sora was this kind of man.
——The king of Imanity, the man who Jibril was determined to serve.
But the key which was Sora, was still not conscious of it yet.
Shiro was looking indifferent from the shocked Steph and Jibril, simply
because she had long been accustomed to Sora's doings.
"Then, even without coercion, Shiro, can you [Albino] me?"
Shiro tilted her head and replied.
".........Why?"
"How Shiro sees this world, you both are interested too right?"
"........... Just like the two people........from Nii's perspective......... Nii wants to
become Shiro...... ?"
"It should happen with the Oaths' power right. If it is not the usual level,
but close to the limit, then maybe we can find something new."
But for her brother's words, Shiro seriously pondered
——Just like what she herself thought, her brother was not an idiot.
Her brother with his unexpected sleight of hands, allowed her to lose a lot of
times. Shiro was always puzzled when someone claimed that her brother
was a fool.
If she really had to say it, then the strange thing about her brother was that
he was very dense.
If she used the coercive power of the Oaths to overcome her brother's
denseness, what would happen?
If it began from the day where they lived together, gone through life's
hardship together, filled with memories.
Would he notice these feelings?
——Hidden in her chest, she had affection towards her brother more than
ordinary siblings.
After this much consideration, from what Shiro would say, could completely
seal her brother.
".......If Shiro.........becomes........Nii.......what would you think?"
"——Ah, that would be hateful. If it accords to what Shiro sees me, I might
die."
——It appears her brother has not noticed it yet.
And he did not notice the meaning behind her little sister's slightly
reddened face.
"Un~ then what about changing into Jibril or me?"
"It's not me, Master, I don't understand the need to increase the funny role."
"Who are you calling the funny role!?"
——These were all memories that were like a monologue to Shiro.
At that time, Shiro finally understood what poured into her chest. Just that
Shiro was not experienced to it yet.
It was small, impossible for others to realize, yet the smile was instantly
spotted by Sora.
Her brother responded back with a small smile, the meaning behind those
eyes, expressed out more clearly than words.
——"Interesting eh".
This world——is really just like a game. Shiro smiled in affirmation.
There was no need to ask, gazing into her brother's eyes, Shiro gave a small
nod.
Then everything dyed black.
Part 3
Her eyelids were heavy.
Was she sleeping or was she crying? Her arid eyes refused to open.
No, was it because her eyes were already dried?
Remembering something that she didn't want to remember. A nightmare
she did not want to give any more consideration to.
In order to confirm that it was a nightmare, she was going to open her eyes
and recognize the immediate landscape.
Shiro felt like there was something in her head that kept telling her to 'stop'.
But in order to deny, she did something indescribable.
Shiro told those thoughts to stop before she took the action of slowly opening
her eyes, which was accompanied with pain.
This was the King's bedroom of the king city of Elchea.
Shiro was lying alone on a large bed that could fit several more people.
The haphazard room was surrounded with books and games that were
piled up into hills.
Regardless of how much she looked around, the person who should have
been there wasn't there.
The person who always said "Good morning" and gave her the will to live
through every day wasn't there.
——Sora was not present- that meant that this room was only for her.
She wanted to deny this after pondering, but she could hear small voices.
——"Didn't I tell you not to?"
".........Please........If this is a dream— please wake up!"
Shiro shouted out, with a hoarse and painful voice that she usually didn't use.
——The emptiness of the room seemed to advocate that all of her memories
were all fantasies.
However, she shouted to prevent her tears from flowing out.
Chapter 1 - Sky Walk/Disassociation
Method
3 steps left
——No consciousness, no memories, not even the five senses.
Not even thinking about the whereabouts of the place, or the identity of the
person.
In the absence of senses, even one's own definitions would be ambiguous,
what more is there to ask?
It can't speak, it can't question, it doesn't even know what it should ask.
The sliver of consciousness was as good as nothing, but even so, it weakly
proclaimed that [This was alright].
What was keeping the consciousness alive was the agonising wait for victory.
——Victory? What victory?
————It doesn't know, it doesn't know ......anything.
Part 2
"....How's the situation?"
In front of the King's bedroom, Steph inquired Jibril.
However, Jibril shook her head and sighed.
"——I didn't go in, Master refuses to let me in and completely ignored me."
"Is she still calling for this person named [Sora]?"
"Yeah.....What about your side?"
"I asked everyone in the city, but everyone held the same answer——"
"They didn't know who Sora was, and Master is the only King to Elchea——
right?"
"Yeah.....What exactly is happening?" "I want to
know too." Jibril sighed again.
"A reasonable explanation would be the fact that Master's memory has been
tampered with."
"Doesn't that mean——"
"Yes, this means that Master————lost." ——this
was very odd.
All of a sudden, Shiro became adrift and kept calling out this unknown figure
named [Sora].
The situation presented was perplexing in a way that it overrode the
presently confusing position Elchea was facing right now.
——it appears that their conversation was overheard.
As they saw a thin board slid out of the crack underneath the door.
"....? This is that.....?"
"Master's tablet."
Picking up the tablet from the ground, Jibril and Steph looked at the screen.
"....Guu, what is written on it?"
"This is the language from the world Master was previously in——
[Question] is written on it."
Hearing a sound, a new message appeared.
"I see, so you are trying to start a conversation with a [Secret language]
right?"
The abundance of knowledge that her master brought to this world.
Even though Jibril has yet to fully grasp hold of it, she understood Shiro's
intentions.
"What is written this time?"
Glancing down, Steph still couldn't understand the words so she had to ask.
"It says—— [1: What is the name of the person that did battle with Jibril?]"
"Isn't it....Shiro?"
"Yes, erm...How do you reply with this——"
Jibril didn't know how to use the tablet, but then another sound came.
"I see, answering verbally should be okay——[2: The name of the person
Steph was to fall in love in was?]"
"It, it should be Shiro right!"
Quickly, another message came.
"Written on it is....[3: An 11-year-old girl of the same gender asks you to fall
in love with her?]"
"Gu,gu~.......So, so didn't I keep scolding you a pervert and a demon...."
Steph responded while twitching. Nevertheless, another message came
again.
"——[Describe your loss in full detail.]"
Taking into account on Shiro's condition, Steph couldn't reply sloppily.
Probably thinking that it would stimulate her memory, Steph pressed
her fingers on her forehead and desperately recalled.
"Guu~ It was rock-paper-scissors, you used psychological warfare to aim for
a tie by shocking me with your words. But more importantly was the
[Required content], I was asked to not promise any specific requests if it
ended up with a tie, but as soon as you scammed me, you told me to [Fall in
love with you]."
After Steph's narration was over, a new message immediately surfaced.
"——[5: Why not claimed to be their own slave, but 『Fall in love with
me』?]"
"To, to let me pay tribute, but after Shiro discovered the mistake Shiro was
pretty disappointed too."
The messages were sent this time, albeit slower than before.
"——[6: Who was the one who debunked the Eastern Union's game?]"
But for this question, both Steph and Jibril had the same insights and gave
out their answers.
"It was Shiro and my grandfather's item."
"That is currently consistent with my memories."
.....The next message was not sent after awhile.
Jibril and Steph could only wait in silence, helpless in front of the king's
bedroom.
After a few minutes, it wasn't a question, but an affirmation that came.
No, it was more like a [Plea], a seemingly unconfident answer.
"Everyone's memory was wiped out."
Seeing that sort of message, Jibril said out:
"...Master, with all due respect, the memory is owned by many, and if this
[Sora] really did conduct a game, it can only wipe one's memory. It is
impossible to erase everyone else's memory."
However, the refuting message came almost immediately.
It wrote :[A bet that gained everyone's approval]
"——then, the question now is how come Master was the only one who
didn't lose any memory."
....The message abruptly stopped.
On the other side of the door was Shiro, head buried in her lap while holding
her phone, unable to answer that question.
——she knew this question would come.
How could her brother hold the game without her at all?
——and was it possible for a game to lead to such a serious situation. Even
so, by losing the game——
"Ahh, hmm, yes, you've worked hard....no, it's nothing."
Steph's barely audible voice could be heard outside the door.
".....Shiro, although this is tough, but the informants have already come back.
Due to the fact that [Shiro bet on the human piece without any prior
warning], the mass demonstrations are continuing. However, among all the
complaints that came from the citizens——none of them shouted out the
name of [Sora]."
Hearing such reports, Shiro's eyes gradually turned into darkness again.
She bit her lips and started thinking, barely keeping conscious.
There should be.
There must be some contradictions between everyone's memories, because
——
——if this wasn't the case, that meant that her own memories were fake.
(.....Impossible.....This can't be.....)
Shiro kept trying to convince herself by desperately shaking her head.
Compared to losing a game, getting implanted with false memories——
this assumption, this assumption wasn't good.
Could her memories from this world and her previous world be fake?
This should be impossible, this couldn't be done.
Despite her attempts to use such reasoning to convince herself, Shiro was
very clear——this could be overruled.
This world had both [Magic] and the [Oaths], so there was the possibility that
the memory was not specifically altered. For example [Split the memory into
two], such things were possible.
——No, strictly speaking, there was no evidence that this brother of hers
existed at all——
There was no one who could prove that Shiro was [Currently sane].
[Sora]'s existence to her was very convenient, there was such a plausiblity
—— but this was something Shiro can't possibly accept. Then, her strong
reasoning started to appear.
This possibility was.
Sora was a fictional existence that Shiro created to cater to herself.
(——I....I....I refuse....I refuse to accept this!)
If she accepted that, then right from the start——
The tablet didn't respond anymore.
Steph and Jibril looked at each other, completely feeling Shiro's depressed
mood.
"Wh, what is going on? What should we dooooo!"
"....We should clear our minds a bit and try thinking about it."
Jibril said while making a cool expression.
"The game that involves the bet against the Eastern Union with the human
piece——the entirety of human rights——is happening soon, and at this
point of time where Master is incapacitated, who would gain the maximum
benefit out of it?"
"Even I know this sort of thing——the culprit must be the Eastern Union
right!?"
——Indeed, the Eastern Union whose game was exposed, challenged Shiro
to a private match to eliminate her memory so she would be depressed——
logically speaking, this would be the most natural way of approach for them.
However, Jibril looked at the message on the tablet.
——[6: Who was the one who debunked the Eastern Union's game?]
"...If the culprit was the Eastern Union, what they would want to eliminate
should be the contents of the game right."
The Eastern Union had successfully concealed the contents of their game by
simply requiring the elimination of the memory pertaining to the game.
But because the secret is revealed, the Eastern Union had to take a gamble,
also——
"Master had no reason to accept this request either."
[Ten Oaths]—— the challenged party has the right to decide the contents of
the game.
This of course included the right to [reject the game].
Since it was obviously the Eastern Union's initiative to challenge, there was
really no reason to accept....
"——Arghhh...The information we have isn't adequate enough to explain this
situation."
Jibril sighed and shook her head, having a look of deep distress.
From the room came the sound of choking voice, as if vomiting.
For Master to keep calling her brother——the man called Sora, Jibril was
forced to take action.
——Suspecting her master was disrespectful and disgraceful.
If her master said that crows were white, then dyeing the three thousand
crows in this world white was her duty.
Therefore, if her master said that the person called [Sora] exists, then he
really must.
Then another sound came from the other side of the door——
"....Shiro can't sustain herself if this continues!!"
This was enough to force Steph to shout impatiently while slamming the
door.
——As The Flügel from the sixth place of the [Sixteen races], possessing
huge Elemental Gallery——a magic combatant race.
Because they themselves were God's [Completed magic], they couldn't use
complex magic at all.
Not to mention that she has yet to completely grasp the psychological
changes in the human species.
"....Looks like this is the only way."
——even without the use of magic, it was clear that her master was on the
brink of a spiritual collapse.
It was a crime to even suspect her master, but——
"——Master, let us play a game."
".....Eh?"
Hearing Jibril's words, Steph——together with Shiro who was beyond the
door had a reaction.
"[Acciente] and conduct a game with me——although this is extremely rude,
but could you lose to me?"
——the sobbing did not stop.
But feeling that her intentions have gotten through——Jibril replied:
"——I would request for a [Seal on the memories about Sora]."
Steph widened her eyes in amazement after hearing the proclamation from
Jibril.
Jibril understood the meaning behind her eyes.
Jibril and Steph could both understand, the sense of violation behind that bet.
That feeling told her to not abandon Shiro, but——
"At this rate, Master would——get broken."
Even if she were to die, she wouldn't ignore this dilemma.
Originally she should try and identify the contents of the Oath, and find a
way to counteract it.
But that was too time consuming, and Shiro might collapse before that was
completed.
For the time being, it was necessary to seal the memory to calm her master
down, before finding the culprit and——
(Be sure to decapitate and turn him into sauce.)
With a gentle smile that was nostalgic, Jibril let out [Killing intent]. This sent
chills down Steph's spines as she stood petrified, but nevertheless she tried
to appease the uneasy Jibril.
"Ji, Jibril. Ca, calm down——"
However, the atmosphere that Jibril was exuding out didn't allow her to
continue speaking.
——forbid the usage of force in the [Ten Oaths]....so what?
As long as the culprit was found and she wins the game, she would
personally
kill the person after getting the [Approval].
After that, she would be willing to accept any form of punishment from her
master for suspecting that Sora didn't exist.
*Ping*, an application started up in the tablet on Jibril's hand.
The application that opened was———chess.
To Shiro, this was a game that she would never lose, it was entirely
information-based zero-sum game of limited decisions.
Thus——as long as she wanted to lose, she could do it.
A timid and small voice that had sobs in between, came out of the door.
".....[Acci.......en.....te]."
Bowing deeply, Jibril replied:
"Thank you, Master....[Acciente].
4 steps left
[Left with——4 steps]
——No memories, even she herself didn't know who she was.
Her hands were numbed, she had no idea who was the one speaking.
Who she was, why she was here, why was she playing a game.
Everything was ambiguous; however, even so....
She won't lose even if she forgot about everything else, for this was the only
way to push herself.
She used her mouth in replacement of her numbing hands.
She used her tongue to write down the move, before selecting her piece.
She won't think, she didn't need to think, because there was no such thing as
defeat.
Yes——....Losing was not an option. ——Who
won't lose?
.....No, don't think, that sort of thing is not important!
Not knowing whose hand touched her shoulder——it was the warmth of a
small hand.
This was all the answers she held, to never doubt this slight residual feeling.
In the process of becoming insane, she shook frantically to rid away her
insanity, before placing the chess piece in her mouth on the board.
Part 3
——This was a game of chess with absolutely normal rules.
If it was Shiro, winning was easy....Similarly, losing was also easy for her.
Indeed, she would lose as long as the king gets beaten.
Just by doing that, everything would be sealed.
The time and memories spent together with her brother——would
disappear.
The first time she met him, she actually felt alive as a person.
When she wore a uniform, she was praised as "cute".
After returning from school with the intention of never going back , she
hugged herself and cried; unable to do anything on her own, she gently
dragged herself down.
Her brother......Her brother that was more important than anyone else, the
time spent with him——
After this step——everything would fall into nothingness.
(——....!)
Although those memories of her brother may be fake, everything he had
said to her flashed past Shiro's mind.
At the same time, Shiro moved——after some considerations.
Jibril closed her eyes, and quietly mumbled:
"...Master, why do you....Want to win?"
Yes—— it was laughable, a move in chess to reverse one's position from
losing to wining.
Jibril questioned her mentality, and the response was an extremely weak
voice.
However, the voice had courage, enough to force Jibril and Steph to take a
step back.
".....Because....[ ].....Does....NOT ACCEPT DEFEAT!"
In the dimly-lit room, the sound was accompanied with a choking noise.
Pulling back the blanket, Shiro with tears flowing down her cheeks started
to think about her brother.
Remembering about that day, after she came home crying after the first day
of school, the words that her brother said.
——Shiro, is it real if someone says that changing is possible?
If you strongly hope to fly, would you be able to grow wings? I don't think so.
What you change isn't yourself, you just have to find the means to fly isn't it?
The only way is to create, formulate ideas to soar into the sky.
You might want to say, why am I babbling about things even though I can't fly
——
But we should take this slowly, and think of a way to allow Shiro to soar with
wings....
Although I'm a useless brother, I will think with you. ——How
could she live on if she forgot about those words?
The memories about her brother was her [Reason for existence], what could
she do if she sealed her memories about her brother?
If these were really implanted memories, then she must have really lost a
brutal game.
Because such a thing—— Such a thing——
was too cruel!
".....Nii.....No.......To forget about my brother——I'd be better off dead!!"
Shouting out with her hoarse voice, Jibril and Steph took a deep breath.
....This was a proposal from Jibril to prevent her from collapsing.
With this rejection, Jibril was stunned speechless.
Jibril silently lowered her head, while Steph who was trembling opened her
mouth.
"Th, that....Although I'm not so sure..." Steph's words
were simply incomprehensible.
She just wanted to comfort Shiro——and blurted out her idea.
"To Shiro, Sora exists right? Then, if the fact that Shiro turned like this since
he isn't here, doesn't that mean that——he indeed exists."
——and her sentence.....
"Then there must be a reason for him to create such a situation right?"
——brought a ray of hope to their predicament.
Only Steph was unaware of this.
Jibril and Shiro widened their eyes and stopped moving, as if time stopped.
"Fo, for example, if the situation couldn't be explained and it was the Oaths
that wiped out everyone's memories——"
"Ah, no, its not like that——what I mean is~"
Hearing Steph's words, both of them gasped.
"——what if the game is still ongoing?"
Jibril stared forward with her glass-like eyes.
Perhaps she didn't understand the meaning behind Shiro's stare, Steph
continued stammeringly:
"So, soooo——the possibility of the memories being tampered with were not
caused by the [Oaths], but the influence of the game? Just like what Shiro
said, if only our memories were tampered
with, then......
The person
called
Sora got all of our consent and started the game,
and the game......
hasn
't
ended yet....this...."
With her confidence wavering, Steph continued quietly, but Shiro lifted her
face after hearing her speculations.
"——do, do you have any evidence....to prove that...."
After listening to the hypothesis that she overlooked, Jibril barely squeezed
out those words.
"Evi, evidence...bu, but——I just feel that something is [odd]."
Yes, without any basis——that was it.
Steph was the type of person to say something without any prior thoughts.
"That person to [lose]—— is definitely weird."
Regarding that person——it was not specified whether it was Shiro or Sora,
which turned Jibril speechless.
——Steph's speculation was filled with loopholes.
No matter if the [Oaths] could actually cause such a massive change to
happen.....
Or eliminate everything related to a person, except the representative——
Shiro could've refused the game. This was all incomprehensible.
But if Steph's hypothesis is correct, then a more worrisome question would
surface, an indisputable fact.
That——Elchea's king, Imanity's king, her own master who defeated god,
subjugated The Flügel, and will even partake in the upcoming annexation of
the Eastern Union...lost? To have this sort of thinking was something
unheard of from her.
If Steph's hypothesis was true, then this incomprehensible situation
wasn't caused by the enemy.
It was a situation caused to ensure victory——?
"In that case——there is a way to confirm it."
After shaking her head, Jibril continued:
"Indeed, the [Oaths] can't entirely eliminate the memories pertaining to
the existence of a specific object or person. However, what if——"
——this was something that could only be accomplished with the harshest
conditions.
"Supposedly this Sora is master's brother, then if he used the status of
[Imanity's representative] to accept the bet, it is possible to cause everyone's
memories to [Disappear], including everything related to him."
Listening to Jibril's proclamation, Steph suddenly understood and said:
"So, he can't disappear from another representative's memories——and as
long as we ask someone else from another race!"
"Yes, I'll immediately use space shift into the Eastern Union embassy to
confirm——and also...."
Kneeling in front of the door, she bowed.
"....For me to have such thoughts of winning against Master, is an act that is
simply unforgivable. I'm willing to accept any punishment, however——I
require some time first."
Concluding her sentence, Jibril suddenly disappeared.....
The air filled the space caused by mass transfer, leaving only a breeze.
Steph who was left alone didn't know how to react, but she still faced the
door and said:
"Ah, guu.....Shiro, Shiro.....Are you okay?"
....However, at this time, Shiro's heart had completely tuned out everything
else.
——the possibility of her brother's existence.
With that possibility present, her formerly frozen thoughts re-activated to
start the rapid processing.
Sora——her brother's existence, in order to turn that into definitive proof,
she has to dig through its [Roots] first.
Erecting her heavy body on the bed, she staggered to the center of the room.
Her moist ruby eyes were usually in a half-open state.
However, this time they were wide open, surveying the entire room.
While rapidly processing her thoughts, she glanced around the room, not
letting even a speck of dust go unnoticed.
(......If Nii...really exists, then why...create this situation...)
If the hypothesis was true, then this situation was what her brother had
plotted.
The reason for his actions——it was possible if she could read her brother's
thoughts, but....
——her brother's thinking process, has a style that couldn't be read; easily
smiling while inciting a war.
Shiro felt that she could never reach that kind of level, yet she has to
interpret his thoughts——?
......Impossible, Shiro knew she couldn't do it.
However, it was obvious what her brother was doing, as he clearly left a trail.
"....Nii....Can't——lose..."
——Indeed, [ ] will never lose.
Then——she accepted this situation, her brother believed in her, she
believed in her brother, accepting this maddening situation that he had
created.
Why——for her to not have noticed it, Shiro couldn't help but pull her hair.
(——I'm so....stupid! How could I be so stupid!)
Panicking so easily, how could she live up to the expectation as her
[Brother's proud sister].
——Only a fragment of some memories disappeared.
"....How could I...suspect Nii!"
But she repressed her emotions, as this wasn't the time to blame herself.
Her brother believed and entrusted this [situation] to her——she must
finish the job.
——it was fine even if her brain burnt out———receiving the action to go all
out, Shiro's mind responded.
Her head gave a command to take in more oxygen while Shiro's small heart
responded quickly to the rapid intake.
Shiro began to review all the memories she had while feeling the rapid rise
in body temperature.
Filtering everything related to Sora by turning his words, actions and
gestures into a movie.
Because since this situation [Now] was planned by her brother, trails would
definitely be present.
In the last memories associated with her brother, he said something she
didn't understand.
——Shiro, we are indispensable.
"....Indispensable, no.....Nii won't.....Leave Shiro alone...." Why did
she wake up in the room that was supposedly Steph's? Why didn't
she suspect? Why didn't she notice!
Shiro bit her lip, this was probably the reason why she couldn't compare
with her brother.
Such a simple answer——which means Sora, her brother——
(....Started from——right here!)
With her sharp eyes staring at the bedroom, Shiro's eyes didn't have any
tears.
5 steps left
...I am .....Sora, for my age......I forgot.
My proud little sister is Shiro, 11 years old. A little beauty with beautiful
white hair and ruby-red eyes.
No problem, I'll still remember.
"Shiro, are you there?"
I felt someone nodding. Although my mind, body and memory were in
disrepair, I can still recognize, though barely, that the nod came from Shiro.
"Shiro, are you still there?"
Once again I felt that nod. This became my pillar of support.
Even when I lost a large part of my memories, I still understood something.
It also far exceeded my expectations.
My vision robbed away, my hands and feet numbed.
I could hear a countless number of voices——but whose voice did all these
belong to? Where am I? These were things I couldn't remember anymore.
I couldn't fathom how losing everything could be this horrible.
"Shiro.....I would probably soon.....That way——"
I felt three nods this time, however, it was tolerant this time.
Then the whisper came——"I know......"
Hearing that sentence, Sora smiled bitterly, before pleading to her.
"Could you do me a favor? My hand.....Has no feeling already....Haha."
I continued with my laughter that was filled with strong self-esteem.
"Anywhere is fine, but could you hold me——or else I might go crazy."
My shoulders were firmly held, making me feel assured as I take a breath.
Then——using the pawn in his mouth, he placed it on the board.
Part 4
Shiro stared at the void, her heartbeat constantly rising. ——
Organize all the information.
Her brother said——[We are indispensable].
Then he himself partook in that game——no, since the game has yet to end,
he is still participating.
Her brother said——[We always win before the game starts]. This
suggested that this situation caused was intentional.
Her brother said——[We are not the main characters like in a Shounen
Manga].
If this situation was in a Shounen manga, then the flag for Shiro's growth was
raised. Bullseye.
She will become independent without Sora——but her brother clearly
[forbade] that kind of development.
Her brother said——[We are bound together by a promise].
It meant that....Two people are counted as one, and they were the finished
product.
(.....Finished product——growth isn't necessary!)
Shiro ignored the pain that her head was issuing and continued to order it.
Think! Think harder——!
The need to come up with this situation.
Her brother said——[We'll go and get the last required piece of the puzzle].
Her brother promised everyone that he would obtain the necessary puzzle
piece needed to make the Eastern Union game more interesting——
(....Then——who is....The enemy?)
Before she had the last memory with her brother, he said some enigmatic
words.
That time, the person her brother was conversing with was——who? No
matter how much she re-examined, the person was——[Invisible]. Why was
it invisible? Why did she eliminate her presence to everyone aside from her
brother——in that case Jibril should——have——something——in——her
memory——so——
(...Think.....Think, think!!)
Shiro's pulse and thoughts were constantly accelerating——so fast that the
clock on the wall seemed to have stopped.
——yet she still couldn't track her brother, even to this extent.
Her brother's actions always contained two to three——sometimes even ten
to twenty layers of meaning.
He would use unorthodox methods, deceiving tactics that were unrivaled.
Tracing that kind of creativity, subversive thought process and the
constant cutting of corners was impossible.
(Then....Shiro can only....use Shiro's method.....to do it!)
Sweating profusely, her temperature continued to rise while her head felt as
if it was gripped.
——This wasn't inefficient, but more of a violent action.
She was using residual memories, clues and alternatives to determine
the answer.
Adding them up resulted in thousands and thousands of possibilities, and
simulating those kind of possibilities would result in millions and millions
of situations.
——to screen all the situations one by one, was arguably similar to a
computer.
Forcing all these on a small head such as Shiro's resulted in a pain so
intense that sweat started oozing out.
Then——when the second tick from the second-hand clock resounded.
Feeling as if hours had past, a person appeared in her head——the answer
emerged.
Because the memory about that person was too vague, Shiro couldn't
remember the person, whether the looks, figure or voice.
"...In the battle of the King selection.....The person fought....."
For humanity——used by Elven Gard.....
That person, what would he or she do if she knew that her brother had
betted the human piece?
——Eastern union, the winning puzzle piece, getting assistance from the
Elves ——the watcher.
"...Kura.....Mi....!"
Blurting out the name that fought with her brother, and feeling that all the
clues were slowly being linked one by one.
Her mind overexerted——Shiro lost consciousness.
8 steps left
Let's confirm this...I'm Sora.
Shiro's brother, aged 18, virgin, a NEET.
I came from a different world——————wait...
After winning the game against god and coming here with my sister....What
happened next?
——I see, it looks like the memories after coming into this world has already
been [Taken away].
However, the next question——what is the purpose of this game. If
that memory is [Taken away]——then everything is over.
.....——
——No problem, I remember...[It still belongs to me]. It
seems really important, as I expected.
"....What do you mean?"
It was a girl's voice, who asked me.
I've already lost my vision, so I can't see her, but——I heard her voice.
Her name seems to be.....Kurami Zierh.
She was the Elven country's——Elven Gard's puppet, and also the opponent
behind this game. "Un, what?"
Okay, it appears that I can still make sound.
"Stop pretending, are you——deliberately losing?"
In the state of being blind, I can still use my voice to move the piece.
At least there isn't any mistake.....everything is going smoothly. "No?
At this rate, I'm gonna win."
....That's about right.
There was too little evidence for that confident answer. Even I myself don't
have any basis for it.
"——I see, so your motive is to make me take away more of your memories,
eh."
Indeed——this was that kind of game.
What you lose would be transferred to the opponent.
Since I don't have any memory after coming to this world, Kurami probably
has it.
".....You [are not a spy from any country]——yes, I understand that."
Although I didn't know what was happening, it appears that she
understood. Then the girl continued:
"——you'll lose at this rate, your existence taken away, even the fact that you
existed would disappear too oh. Sooo, what plans do you have before that
happens?"
....That is something I can't tell you.
Because that is the real purpose of this game.
"Why ask? Isn't it fine if you just take the answers from my memories?"
Yes——because this is that kind of game.
"....Very well, then I'll do as you wish and take away your everything."
Hearing a cough, Kurami made a move on the gameboard.
From that sound, and picturing the move that his opponent made——Sora
quietly smiled.
"——wh...What is this?"
Kurami shouted, no, screamed out, her whole body froze. ——At
the same time, something disappeared from my heart. The one
who screamed out——who was it?
——Okay, let me reconfirm.
I'm......Sora, Shiro's brother, then.......then what? "———
—!?"
An indescribable cold struck me, the feeling as if my whole body was
cracking open.
Who am I?
Where am I? Where did I come from? Where is my body?
Slowly becoming someone I'm not——this feeling was akin to [Horror].
The unbearable horror caused my teeth to chatter uncontrollably, as my
senses are slowly being eroded one by one.
I could hear my brain shouting:
[This was as expected, this is going according to plan.]
——this horror of gradually disappearing is going according to plan?
Are you kidding? If this horror is supposedly a plan, then isn't this arrogance!
In this horror, is it even possible for my spirit to remain unbroken——
"....Nii...."
But this icy, absolute zero breeze—— "...Shiro
is here....."
Easily melted, just because of these words. "——
Yes....Indeed."
I am....Sora, proud of my sister——Shiro's brother.
Right now——yes, I'm losing in a game, but this is for the sake for victory.
That's all, there won't be any problems as long as I remember this.
I grit my teeth while steeling my heart, stopping the chattering. In
order to place the next piece——my mouth slowly opened.
Part 5
——....
"Master!?"
"Shiro!! Are you alright!?"
Hearing Steph and Jibril's worried cries, Shiro's consciousness resurfaced.
——looks like she fainted and was now in Steph's arms. Wanting to confirm
the situation——
"....!"
When she didn't see her brother, Shiro almost shoved Steph away, but she
managed to control herself——
——Her brother was in this room.
In that case——there was nothing to fear.
"....I.....am fine....."
Shiro held her pained head and tried to sit up, but Steph stopped her.
"How are you fine! You suddenly fell without saying anything——you know
how worried I was!!"
Steph shouted out. ".....Sorry..."
Realizing that Steph's eyes were red, Shiro apologized softly.
On the other hand, Jibril, who was unnaturally keeping a distance away from
Shiro, had a somewhat nervous tone.
"Master, I've something to report, regarding Sora——Master's results...."
Jibril was able to report her findings at the Eastern Union Embassy——
".....No need....."
Shiro's words cut her off.
"....Nii...exists...."
"——yes, just as you said. I'm willing to accept any punishment——"
At the Eastern Union Embassy——she inquired to Hatsuse Ino and
confirmed [Sora]'s existence.
She suspected her master, thinking that she had lost——
"...Then....I command you."
"Yes, as you command."
If she was ordered to die, Jibril would unhesitatingly do it.
However, Shiro responded with a moderate yet urgent voice.
"...Help me....Find Nii..."
Jibril clasped her hands together, as if being gracious of Shiro.
Finally, to confirm that she was fine, Shiro gently separated from Steph and
stood up.
Although her pacing was unstable, Shiro's eyes returned to normal and asked
the both of them:
"——[Yesterday]....What were....you two doing?"
She knew the answer, so this was more of a confirmation rather than a
question.
Jibril and Steph gazed at each other before replying:
"Yesterday——I was suppressing the masses, then watched as Shiro played
games at the throne."
"Yes, I was there too."
——However, hearing their answers, Shiro knew it was [Incorrect].
"...That was.....[The day before yesterday].....19th...."
Once again they both looked at each other, but Shiro followed up:
".....Changing the question....Yesterday night....Where....Were you?"
Listening to her, Steph and Jibril searched their memories, but....
"——————........"
They couldn't recall. Seeing the natural look of Shiro prompted Jibril to ask:
"Does Master have.....no, the day before yesterday's memories?"
"....No, so....This is fine."
——This confirmed that there was time period where the memories
disappeared.
Which meant that——
"Then——you mean that the game was conducted from the day before
yesterday to yesterday right?"
Jibril who had just vowed to help, processed everything in her head and
asked. Shiro nodded in response.
"Wh, what does this mean?"
However, Steph tilted her head and needed Jibril to explain to her.
"Shiro-sama has [memories] that we don't, while we have [memories] that
Shiro-sama doesn't, thus causing some contradiction——however, if
everyone lost their memories, then it would link to something else."
Steph looked confused, but, yeah, it meant that——
"This proved that everyone participated in the game, and the player could
influence the whole human species——meaning that he was a
representative of Imanity."
——yeah, and also——
"....Steph....Come here.....I need to confirm from you."
"Ye, yes, please do."
Steph saw Shiro's eyes staring at her, exposing a serious expression never
seen before.
Overwhelmed by the pressure exuding from an eleven-year-old girl, Steph
swallowed her saliva and responded to her.
——it took her a few seconds to grasp the situation.
"...............Th, that.....What are you doing?"
If Steph wasn't mistaken or hallucinating, she should be seeing a Shiro
whose expression was extremely serious. However, Shiro's pair of hands.
Those pair of hands were rubbing——
".....Rubbing....Steph's....Chest...." She
continued to rub and rub.
"——...Erm, errr, how should I react to this?"
However, Shiro had a nonchalant expression as she continued her hands.
Nodding her head, Shiro tilted it and asked:
"....Not excited about it.....?"
"Ho...How can I be excited about this!!! If I'm excited, it'll be problematic for
me!"
Shiro let go of her hands, fully expecting that answer.
"....Obviously subjected to the command of [Loving me].....yet not excited?"
"————ahhh..."
...Indeed, if the [Oath] forced Steph to love Shiro, there should at least be a
reaction.
In other words, the person who asked Steph to fall in love was Sora.....Steph
figured it out.
However, Jibril asked sorrowfully:
"Master, that....This doesn't need that kind of confirmation right."
"....Un."
Shiro didn't particularly mind and answered in recognition unhesitatingly.
"——What?"
"..Because I know.....Nii exists...."
"...Then can I ask why is my chest getting forcefully rubbed?"

Causing her to get so worried.....Steph asked with a frustrated expression.
Shiro nevertheless answered back:
".....Thanks."
"What is there to thank! What are the benefits of rubbing my chest......"
However, Shiro interrupted Steph with her next words.
"....If not for Steph......I wouldn't hav....So——"
Then——Shiro's next sentence....
She thought about it, had she ever said those words to anyone else aside
from her brother?
——conclusion was no one.
Shiro who was unaccustomed to this awkwardly averted her gaze and
blushed——
"...Thank, you......Steph...."
Shiro's actions and words, stunned Steph speechless.
However, Shiro didn't realized that——for the next few days, Steph would
feel extremely troubled.
Steph's internal strife: [Seduced by an eleven-year-old girl, shouldn't be
normal.]
Not paying heed to the troubled Steph, Jibril quietly inquired:
"Then Master.....What you mean is, you've already grasped hold of the
situation?"
"....Un."
Her brother guessed that after he bet the [Human species' piece], Kurami —
— Elven Gard would definitely approach.....Her brother must've used that
method to lure out Kurami, wanting her to become his companion.
"....Again......Another question."
This question was the last one and was key to finding them, which was the
——[Game's content].
Shiro had thought of a few possibilities in her mind.
——her brother knew that the opponent would come to him.
Even better, he knew that the opponent was Kurami, or perhaps the Elven
species——Erwin Gard.
But, for memories to get snatched away, it was undoubtedly the work of
magic.
Did the Elves prepare the game?——No.
The opponent was the elves from the seventh place, it was impossible for her
brother to not expect that there would be magic intervention.
"....Nii used......Jibril's game....for the game."
If that was the case, then he could challenge the elves without getting
cheated by magic.
The only people who could do that on Imanity's side——was one person.
"——my game?"
Yes, The Flügel from the sixth place, with the capabilities to create a virtual
world——Jibril.
This should be what her brother said towards Jibril:
"..Jibril....Can you do it? A memory elimination game....."
Being asked like this, Jibril started thinking.
If she was asked to create that kind of game now...?
"It is possible if it was the virtual world used for the Word Connector....but
currently this is reality...."
"...And if there was cooperation with the Elves?"
"Co, cooperation——!? You mean cooperate with those forest hillbillies!?"
Expressing disgust from the bottom of her heart, Jibril would've never
thought of doing that.
However, seeing Shiro's eyes closely watching her, Jibril had to reply
seriously :
"——Although I'm not clear about the technique user of the elves.....but it
isn't impossible. The Flügel from the sixth place should have the upper hand
in manipulating power, as for using complex magical techniques.....the Elf
from the seventh place has to be——very clever."
For Jibril to praise another race, was something absolutely impossible.
She had to bluff it out, under the gaze of her master who she had committed a
heinous crime on.
"For example——if the core of my Word Connector's board was modified
by the elves....then, there should be a magic that could possibly change reality
to this scale."
But, it still wasn't enough. A key factor was missing.
"....Can you guarantee.....the game....cannot cheat?"
"Can."
Jibril unhesitantly answered Shiro's worried question.
"For this technique that can bring about such huge changes, the elemental
gallery needed far exceeds the limit of elves, so in the end the initiation for
the game would come from me. If something happened to the game, I
would've noticed at that time."
".....Absolutely?"
"Yes, if this chain of events was caused by powerful magic, then I'll definitely
notice it.
Jibril surveyed her surroundings again.
"To be honest——that power is similar to the [Heaven's strike] I used
against the elves during the world war."
Jibril continued, with a casual look:
"I remember, I wanted to destroy the capital without leaving any traces.
They consecutively connected to the Elemental gallery with three thousand
elves to put up a barrier, but in the end they still couldn't block it."
By now Shiro was completely unfazed by Jibril's actions in the past, and kept
thinking.
However, Steph couldn't help but make a comment out of the war weapon in
front of her.
"Wh....What were you doing!?"
"The elves's magic technology advanced drastically after the war, but their
control over it remained the same. If this situation was caused by magic, and
it was under Master's instruction, then it should've been me who started it.
Cheating will never escape from my eyes."
Jibril said it with an understatement, categorically continuing.
——Which means, the source of all this came from this room.
In this room filled with countless amount of games, there should be a
[gameboard].
The gameboard——to the game that is currently ongoing.
However, no matter how much they searched, they couldn't find it, so——
"......Jibril.....There should.....Be a reaction to magic....In this room."
Her brother was in this room——but there was no way to prove his
existence.
So this gameboard must definitely be [outside of Shiro's knowledge].
"....Disappeared for a day and a half....[the memories of the game]....Then the
game....Can't be found...."
Even if the game was out of her knowledge, if the game is still ongoing, then
there should be the usage of magic——
"....I'll investigate."
Jibril couldn't detect any magic in the air.
However——she would never doubt her master again. Stretching out her
wings, Jibril widened her amber eyes.
"Eh! Wh....what."
The pressure generated caused Steph who was unable to detect magic to fall
to the ground.
Because Jibril was currently manipulating unparalleled numbers of
Elemental Gallery——the source of magic.
The halo on her head started spinning; giving a misconception that the
room was shaking——
"——found it."
Shiro and Steph smiled upon hearing this sentence.
However, Jibril pointed to the corner of the room——
"....I'm sorry, but I could only detect a information hindering force field. It's
just like what Master speculated, if that elf technique was used in my
gameboard's core, then breaking through that forcefield——is impossible."
"....Guu."
Shiro groaned, biting on her nails.
——One more step, the answer was right in front of her——
"It's, it's nearby? I'll see if there is anything there."
Steph looked at the ground and headed to the direction Jibril pointed——but
suddenly, Steph stumbled and fell on the ground face first, as if tripping
over something.
"...Dora-chan, to trip on nothing, you don't really need to increase your
negative characteristics."
However, Steph stood up and widened her eyes in surprise.
"....Eh? Tripped? Me?"
Having heard this, Shiro and Jibril comprehended something.
".....!"
"You can't track it even when it exists, and you are not conscious of it after
coming into contact?"
Shiro nodded in reply to Jibril's words, and walked forward.
Even though detecting it was impossible, it was [still there]——coming
into contact was also possible.
The gameboard was here, invisible and cannot be perceived upon touching.
Hastily, Shiro found something where Steph had tripped.
There were a few pieces of stone with both black and white sides, stored in a
small box.
There were numerals carved on the stones in the box.
Guessing what kind of pieces there were was in fact very simple.
"...Black and white...Reversi."
"What is going on? Is that a game?"
Why was it possible to see the pieces, but not the game board? Shiro
answered Jibril's question:
"....Because....It's not used."
A piece that was recognizable but not yet used.
Forcefully taken memories, a game outside of common knowledge——a
game that is still ongoing.
It all added up in Shiro's head. The rule is
probably——
".....Using memories....or existence....to divide into two.....A mutual
struggle....Game."
Jibril had a reaction to Shiro's monologue, while Steph still couldn't catch up
to the conversation.
"In, in my humble opinion, Master...."
"Is he sane to play with those kind of rules!?"
Indeed——if Shiro's speculation was correct, it was undoubtedly a crazy
game.
However, if the rules of the game was just as Shiro suspected, then——
"...Nii is indeed.....Too much....."
Shedding a cold sweat, Shiro finally——understood her brother's intentions.
Before The First Step
"——okay, I'll repeat the rules."
Sora talked to Kurami who was sitting across the table.
He said to Shiro, Steph, Jibril, Kurami and the elf girl behind her:
"The game shall use [one's own concept] , splitting it into 32 pieces of——
[Reversi]."
The front and back was divided into black and white, Sora continued to
speak while holding the engraved pieces in his hand.
"Engraved on this pieces are numbers, the closer you are to 32, the more
you'll get, like memories, flesh, personality so on and so forth. Aside from
that, it is just regular reversi. Flipping each other's pieces——mutual
struggle for [Existence].
The elf weaved out the game, with Jibril being the power source for the game.
Although Sora explained it very easily, but since this was an extraordinary
rule, everyone couldn't help but feel nervous.
"In addition, the degree of importance complies with magic. Prioritizing
your deepest thoughts first. Which means, you wouldn't know what kind of
concept each piece holds."
He had a happy look, but——
"......Not knowing what you'll lose if your piece gets eaten up——Isn't it
fantastic?"
Facing against Sora who had a maniacal smile——Kurami calmly replied.
"I want to expose your true identity and your country, and you want to
expose me and Elven Gard's methods. Which means, this is a mutually
beneficial game."
"That is a good answer, the winner gets all——while the loser loses all."
The significance behind this statement, caused Steph to have chills down her
spine.
"——Losing your [Character]——haha, this is interesting."
"Ah, this is different from the usual Reversi. You can't skip a turn even if you
can't eat any piece. Soo if you don't amass some pieces, then you should
understand....What would happen right?"
Kurami had a fearless look, pointing out the loopholes in the game.
"Then——how do we go ahead with the [Unable to continue] rule?"
When the five senses, flesh, memories related to the game and so on have
disappeared.
"Cooperation...Which means Shiro and the other two, against your elf,
therefore everyone here is a participant——everyone must [Swear to the
oaths] to begin the game."
But even so, there will be problems, that is——
"But, since it's winning each other's [everything], when the situation arrived
that the companions [Forgot], then the game is over. Once the game is over,
the one who has the most pieces wins."
"Victory determines the need of objectivity, so the board itself would judge, is
it like that?"
"Indeed, that is how I've fabricated it to be."
"I've confirmed it, please rest assured, Master."
Kurami's partner, the Elven girl, nodded with Jibril.
Jibril's eyes and strength negated the possibility of the most worrying——
[Cheating].
Nodding his head, Sora continued:
"——But, if we regain everything after the game...It would be boring right?"
Yes, this is magic.
But even with Jibril's gargantuan strength, the results cannot last forever.
Sora smirked, seeing through Kurami's attempts of wanting Sora to
completely disappear.
"In order to [fix] the game's results——we will require [Two] bets."
Firstly, Sora put up one finger and said:
"The first is [Confirming the result of the game]——confirm the erasure,
exchange and the existence of the other party except their presence. The
winner can also request one more thing"
Speculating Sora's intentions, Kurami continued:
"...In other words, that is the [Real request] right?"
"Yes, because if it isn't done, then after extinguishing my existence you can't
do anything to Shiro."
This sentence indicated Kurami's motive——of being the sole
representative of the human species.
"Similarly, I also can't do anything to the elf, so the second request is——"
".....Win the other party's partner right."
This meant that if Kurami won, she would gain Sora's memories of Shiro——
Imanity's representative.
And if Sora won, he would obtain Elven Gard's top magic user.
"In conclusion, we can have the rights to each other's existence."
Hearing that, Kurami laughed:
".....You think I'll sympathize with you, and keep your existence?"
"Haha, what a funny joke, how could I ever think of that."
Sora laughed similarly and stared at Kurami before saying:
"Even if I'm gone, with the Oath's constraints, Shiro would definitely be
broken. And regarding your partner, the same should happen. Which means,
in order not to have a glance——which means [Death] or the [change of
personality], we must agree that we can change the oaths——right?"
In addition to Sora and Shiro, everyone had a chill down their spines in the
area.
"Simply put——this is a bet and battle on one's existence and life ."
Yes——this includes the partner. [Win all or lose all].
Crazy——Steph probably wasn't the only one who thought of that.
Shiro who was used as a stake either did not take into account that her
brother might lose, understood the contents, or knew what her brother
was doing——her eyes were half closed.
"Until the last step can't be taken, which means until everything is taken
away ——under these rules——okay, if everyone is prepared we can start
the game."
Sora said wittily, looking at everyone whose eyes were converged on him
alone.
Sora crafted this crazy game.
Against this kind of man, Kurami kept quietly and began to think.
Indeed, this——was Sora's ideal game.
The rules itself seem to be fair——because of this, Kurami started to suspect
the game itself.
Because this game was by the opposition, she did not have an advantage.
Is it because there are loopholes in the rules, or——Kurami gazed at her
partner.
But the girl shook her head.
Meaning——she couldn't detect anything, couldn't grasp the meaning,
proving that the game was fair.
This hinted that the elf girl couldn't cheat the game when fabricating it;
however, in contrast, Jibril couldn't do it too.
"....Okay."
So there was no more choice aside from digging out his true intentions.
She didn't care about Sora's intentions, there were Elven forces here backing
her up.
In that case, Sora, Shiro, Steph and Jibril.
Kurami, elven girl and everyone in the room raised their hands.
"——【Acciente】!!"
Part 6
Shiro placed the Reversi piece engraved with [Three] in her hands.
She stared at the empty space——no, staring at the invisible yet existant
gameboard——
This was unfortunately a fight for 32 Reversi pieces that contains one's
concept.
The remaining pieces for both side were small in amount——meaning it
was very important.
Because they were pieces that once used would cause them to lose, they kept
it.
However, this rule was set—— was set by the challenged, in that case her
brother.
This meant that the game's advancement, even his disappearance was
very meaningful.
Which means——Shiro closed her eyes and think.
——Why would her brother leave her alone? She was puzzled.
However, it was definite course of action if the answer was known.
The first of several very simple reasons.
He would deliberately give some memories to the opponent, temporarily
placing him on the side of the losing——
"....That sort of thing....Shiro...Can't do this...."
Shiro made this conclusion with a sad smile after thinking for a moment.
Her brother's actions, if performed by Shiro......She would definitely be
unable to remain sane.
Just because her brother disappeared from her side, she suspected her
brother's existence.
——It was okay if she was forgotten.
——Forgetting about her brother——Shiro believed that her spirit
wouldn't be able to remain normal.
Shiro stared at the invisible, untouchable gameboard.
The gameboard was really invisible, but——
Her brother hated sunlight, so she could discern that he wouldn't sit by
the window.
Her brother, whether he was sleeping or sitting, would always give Shiro
the corner of the wall.
Because Shiro would feel lonely if there was a wide space, her brother would
always block the wide spaces for her.
Although she couldn't see the gameboard, Everything was exposed to her.
Her brother's habit, her brother's actions, everything related to her brother,
her brother's sitting position, and even the space left for Shiro could be seen.
(......Here.....Nii is....Here...)
Shiro was convinced of where her brother was sitting, even if it was empty.
Shiro's eye started feeling hot, but she forced herself back and continued
thinking.
(....After this....the second....at the same time.....the biggest....reason.)
Shiro gripped the Reversi piece written with [Three], on the white side.
Whether her brother is [White or black], this question was certain.
Because he would always leave the last piece for [Shiro]——it was definitely
white.[5]
The invisible, and unknown game.
She didn't have memories from the start, so she didn't know what was
happening.
However, her brother would deliberately lose and attain the step to allow
Shiro[6] to win.....
And after the opponent found out that they fell under Sora's plan and got
induced to place a wrong move....
Then, reversing the position, her brother would choose the most optimal
move.
All of this speculation——needed three moves to win.
Only this....You can do it!
Shiro waved her hand downwards with confidence———— * Keng*, a
sound that couldn't be identified rang in ears of the three people.
Following that...
"PAIN——!"
"Ouch....Wh,what is going on!"
Shiro, as well as Steph and Jibril held their heads, having a sudden splitting
headache.
Like echoes, the brain let out a murmur.
The originally gameboard which couldn't be seen appeared, and with a
patter patter sound, the black board gradually dyed white.
Then——the original memories a day and a half ago———flowed back in
———
[19th. Daytime]
Shiro and Sora were playing games in the throne hall. "Ahh,
you've finally came, why keep me waiting?" Her brother
said, gazing at the two girls in front of him. Wearing a black
veil and black-haired, Kurami.
And an elven girl who had conspicuously long ears and didn't bother to
hide it.
"....A tone as if knowing we were coming——of course....." Sora
smiled and replied to Kurami's words:
"Yes, I know your purpose for coming here, and anytime is possible."
"Then hurry up, I must make you disappear and hand over the Imanity's
chess piece."
"Shiro, listen carefully." "....Un?"
"I believe you."
————[19th. Evening]....
"————Just like that Jibril. Can you do it?"
Her master described an insanely terrifying game, but Jibril answered:
"——Sorry, but I can't do it, such a massive game transformation——"
"I didn't ask you to do it alone, you are to do it with the elven girl Kurami
brought with her, okay?"
Sora brought the topic to the elven girl who had not introduced herself.
"...Asking me to cooperate with The Flügel? Please allow me to rightfully
decline oh~?"
"What a coincidence, I'll politely decline the invitation too oh~?" Sparks
flew between their gazes, but Sora had a disinterested look. "Really?
Then I don't accept the game, please go back okay?" Sora coldly rejected
her. Kurami then said to the elven girl:
"...You said you wanted to help me right?"
"Of course, but to want me to work with that devil...Guuuu....Fine, I
promise."
".....Nii."
Hearing her brother's specified rules, Shiro nervously looked up at her
brother.
"Shiro, we are indispensable."
————[19th. Nighttime].....
Holding unto Jibril's Word connector's [Core], the elven girl complained:
"This kind of elemental usage is as if you wanted to bomb the Elemental
Gallery. Is your brain even normal."
"I'm sorry, but the current trend is draw something out of the Elemental
Gallery. It appears you long-eared people have mistaken for a bomb eh, next
time I'll write a [Lower energy] note to her."
"You all .....Who can you guys live in peace with?"
"Because when I think of a certain Flügel in the war, shooting something
that caused thousands of lives....Usually having a superiority complex, but to
fire out [Heaven's strike], how naive."
"Recognize yourself, if you had not deployed flying restriction magic, we
wouldn't have cared about you, so this is your own demise. I merely swelled 
a package upon seeing that magic, and even if I've accidentally killed
everyone of you, what is wrong with it?"
"Enough, both of you shut it and go back to work! Its almost a day!!"
————[20th. Daytime].......
"....Okay, it really exceeded a day."
Sora stared at Jibril with cold eyes.
While Kurami used the same kind of eyes to stare at her partner.
"So, so sorryyyyyy, it's because of this long-eared girl that caused the loop to
almost go out of control several of times."
"Ev, everytime when she vetoed the lost of control, I had to recode
everything!!"
Sighing, Sora propped his hand on his cheek and said:
"Nevermind, uh——then let me re-explain the rules."
"...Nii."
"Shiro, Nii is happy that you are worried, but rest assured. You should
understand right?"
"Shiro, we are bound by a [Promise]."
"Shiro, we'll always win before the game starts."
"——we'll get the last piece of the puzzle needed to swallow the Eastern
Union."
"...Un."
Shiro nodded as Sora caressed her head and said:
"——okay, should we begin?"
————[20th. Nighttime].....
"...........!"
Shiro firmly held onto the shoulder of Sora's.
Her left hand that was clenched firmly, pierced the skin and caused it to
bleed.
Looking at the scene ahead where her brother's memories, hands, legs and
five senses were taken away, Shiro could only watch.
Her brother believed Shiro, and Shiro in return trusted him.
She could only wait.
Although Steph was hesitant of stopping the game, she couldn't bear looking
at that remorseful look of Shiro's. Using her hands to cover her face, she
started crying.
Jibril was speechless as she saw the determined face of her Masters.
She widened her eyes, watching her every move.
"——okay, it almost ended."
Kurami said while holding her piece. Kurami's state wasn't exactly
unharmed either.
Having several segments of memory that didn't exist to flow into her brain
was horrible. She was also conscious of the fact that her memories were
taken away.
However, the gameboard was mostly black——Kurami had an
overwhelming advantage.
"....Your memories are quite interesting, but I still don't understand your
intentions."
Even though she had obviously snatched away Sora's memories, she still
didn't know about his real intentions.
Sora's memories——flashed in her mind, causing Kurami to grimace in pain.
"You are left with three pieces and I still don't know your purpose. This is
surprising, your purpose in actuality constitutes your existence......But no
matter what——I'll finish this."
With a *Pa!*, Kurami placed a piece.
"This should end it."
Saying these words, Sora's figure disappeared from her eyes.
For the three people that were watching from the side, they had bleak
expressions, as if they weren't aware of it.
Oblivious to Kurami and the gameboard, they staggered out of the room.
This happened because they were also participants, as their memories
disappeared.
Then, with Shiro alone, she went on the bed and quietly fell asleep.
".....Since no one is to replace, and Sora had disappeared, [Unable to
continue]——this is my win."
In the end, she still couldn't guess out Sora's real intentions.
Although the memories he gave out made her depressed, but so what——
"Kurami......Something isn't quite right."
The gameboard should have made a victory declaration.
"What is going on? Didn't you say that nothing was done to the game?"
"I, I'm not wrong! This was modified by me!"
"Then what is going on——unless this does not fulfill the [Unable to
continue] !?"
Suddenly, Kurami saw the three pieces left by Sora.
Written on it was one, two and three. The most important pieces that
constitutes oneself.
"——wait, if his existence disappeared, then what are those three
represent?" Unless——they were more important than [His own existence].
In order to have a better chance of winning?
How could there be such a thing——however, in that case, it explained why
she hasn't gotten the memory regarding Sora's intentions.
"Kurami, what do we do?"
"Still can do what?"
If they wanted to forcefully end the game, The Flügel's strength was required.
"My memory is also being in a state of elimination——we can only wait!"
Kurami said so, feeling angry that the game was still ongoing.
"...What, just what is that man doing——!"
She easily defeated the man and made him disappear.
But in his memories that Kurami had taken away, it felt as if she saw Sora
giving a victory smile in the void———which made her feet shiver
uncontrollably.
———.......
Indeed, the [Hoax] Sora designed.
It was what Kurami had suspected, that from the start Sora had the
advantage.
However——no one knew what those were.
Even the one who made the game, using elven magic——couldn't
comprehend it.
Because this scam, was a cheat that was established in a situation where
cheating is impossible.
——This game reflect one's subconsciousness and decided the importance of
the pieces.
In general, no one knew which concept was their most important.
——Exactly.
Part 7
".....Aside from Nii and Shiro...."
Shiro smiled, watching the gameboard reappear.
Which meant, this was——the truth behind the [Hoax] designed by her
brother.
"I remember, even though it was the rules of the game, but I actually forgot
about Master."
This was unavoidable, having agreed to participate in the game.
Jibril was frustrated at her own incompetence. For trying to eliminate
her master's existence and also suspecting.
"Bu, but why would Sora disappear? That was intentional right!?"
Steph shouted out, having retrieved her lost memories.
However, even so, Shiro didn't prompt about Sora's memories and
intentions. ——No, maybe that kind of memory, didn't exist from the start.
Shiro believed, that her brother didn't tell his intentions to himself.
Because if that memory was taken away, the overall plan would fail.
However, there was no problem——because now she [Understood] —
—Reversi, it is also a Zero-sum game of limited decisions.
It is easier to establish a sure win method than chess.
If this was to be won with normal means, Sora would've just left it to Shiro's
substitute.
The reason he didn't do so, but still chose a Reversi showdown——was
probably to allow Shiro to facilitate.
.....In the void, there was some kind of presence that laid down a black piece.
It was undecisive, hesitant.....
Yes——this rule was as Sora planned, unable to skip a turn.
Shiro's substitute——which meant white's turn.
This was a move that would completely block Kurami, the move that Sora
decided before losing his sight.
An important piece was to be placed prematurely——hesitating was out of
the question.
.....Feeling admiration for her brother who cast away his body, Shiro picked
up the piece with [Two].
Shiro completely understood.
Not caring about the [Concept] stored in this piece with [Two] carved on it,
or her brother's intentions.
——Even so, she said to the enemy with sympathy:
"...This plan....Nobody could...guess it....Nii....is really strong."
Shiro made the move while laughing.
Placing the piece down, half of the game disk instantly dyed white.
Kurami and the elven girl——and the gradually looming shadow of her
brother, Jibril and Steph widened their eyes.
Shiro desperately held back the tears that were starting to overflow.
The memories to her brother's plans to this game, disappeared from Shiro's
phone, Imanity and Jibril.
From this point, inferring what the three pieces represent was easy, which is
——
[Three]——the method to win.
[Two]——absolute trust in Shiro.
And [One] is——
"...Everything about Shiro..."
These were the concepts that held more importance than Sora's own
existence.
Why was she sure of it was very simple.
Because if one stood upside down——Shiro could conclude she felt that
herself.
It would mean that you aren't yourself anymore, like Shiro who lost her
brother.
The factors to losing her brother——the possibility losing was more
important than himself——not self-evident.
Understanding this fact, Sora knew he would disappear from the start, and
entrusted Shiro's substitute to reverse the situation——this kind of scam,
even if you could see it, can you deal with it?
The black piece was placed uneasily on the gameboard that was gradually
dying white.
"...Okay, Nii...."
A long-awaited return.

"...Come back——!"
Sora's figure began to materialize, as the piece with [One] got laid down on
the board.
——left with a mere four piece on the gameboard for black, a sound
resounded with [Winner: Sora].
At the same time when Shiro rushed over to the winner.
Sora's first sentence was——
"Very good, Shiro, you've beaten me, I'm conscious of that——"
Unhesitantly flying into the arms of Sora, her words were slightly faster
than his.
With tears flowing down, Shiro buried herself in her brother's arms and
said: "...Sorry.....Sorry....I should've——done it earlier....!"
Jibril and Steph who couldn't keep up with the situation stared
dumbfoundedly.
However, a voice came from an unexpected place.
"Kurami! Kurami! Can you hear me!?"
Shifting their sights, they saw....
The elven girl was desperately trying to call out to Kurami, while Kurami——
Steph covered her mouth and gasped.
Kurami was like an empty shell——no, it was more like a corpse, weakly
lying down on the chair.
....Steph didn't understand how Sora won the game.
However, once you lose in this game that Sora designed, the results would
be....
If one wrong move was made....Sora's fate would've been.....Steph
shuddered after thinking about it.
What did she lose?——or asides from flesh, everything else was lost?
The person known as Kurami was already——inexistent.
(Wh, what kind of mentality does he have, to start by [Being behind]!?) ——
This game is incomprehensible, Steph looked at Sora with fearful eyes.
If she didn't personally witness the game, she wouldn't have imagined that
the results would be this horrifying.
Sora who was still hugging the crying Shiro, expressionlessly spoke.
"——Okay, [We] have won, now this is the first request."
Hearing his words, the elven girl lamented and pleaded to him:
"Wait——I'll agree to whatever you do! So please——don't let Kurami be
like this!!"
But Sora responded to her with eyes that felt like they've lost everything.
".....If I had lost, Shiro would make the same plea, would you agree then?"
Yes——this was after they've gone through [Acciente], mutually agreeing to
the start of the game.
If their positions were reversed, she would be scoffing at Shiro....then——
"I, I know this is a very selfish request! Bu, but the one who set the changing
request was you! I, I'll be at your disposal——so please don't let
Kurami....don't let Kurami be like this——!"
However, Sora exposed a demonic and tyrant smile, and swiped his hand
down as if cutting something.
"Can't~Do? I'll determine her fate now, soooo——"
"No——NOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!"
"Request 1, regarding the memories plundered and memories stolen——to
be returned back."
"————Eh...?"
This sentence was synchronized by everyone present.
"——Cough!——fuuu...Fuuu...."
Kurami regained consciousness, as if remembering to breathe.
The girl rushed over to Kurami, who was awake and staring at the void.
"Kurami! Kurami! Are you alright!? Do you know who you are!?"
The girl desperately cried out, but Kurami's eyes were still dazed.
After several times of shaking her, Kurami finally woke up.
"Yes.....Un, I'm fine....But....."
——Kurami clung to her own shoulders, and stared at Sora, as if having a
nightmare.
"This man——I can't understand why Sora is fine."
——then, in accordance to the Oaths, the game that Jibril and the elven girl
collaborated on exploded.
Seeing this, the one who sweated the most was unexpectedly——Sora.
"How, how dangerous......Even if it was Jibril's [Core], this request is too
much....."
——it couldn't comply with something that was impossible to achieve.
Which means that Sora's request, exhausted the gameboard's mana until it
couldn't sustain.
Looking at Sora, Jibril quietly walked forwards.
"......Master, this kind of game, please allow me to stop you as the identity of a
servant."
"I refuse, taking into account of possible future opponents ahead, this kind of
danger is good enough."
"It's just——" Caressing Shiro who was crying in his chest, Sora said:
"In any case, this kind of method I used, is——kinda beyond my
imagination."
"——BEYOND YOUR IMAGINATION?! THAT'S MY LINE!"
Although Sora's memories were fixed in Kurami's body, she was unable to
not suspect those memories.
An ordinary human that defeated God, as well as making The Flügel yield
——but, compared to these things.
Exposed to Sora's [Past]. she couldn't bear to say it.
The Oaths, allowed her to keep Sora's memories.
With those memories flashing past her mind, Kurami shouted with an
expression of fear:
"How——can you remain sane after all [These experiences]!?"
What basis did she had to shout this out?
If she even managed to take over Sora's existence, then she should be able to
see it.
The matter, something——that Shiro didn't know.
But to Sora who was conscious of that, he asked everyone present:
"Eh? Do I look normal to anyone?"
——No. Everyone answered and shook their heads. Was it
beyond the relationship of trust?——wrong.
Placing the position of the [Factors that make oneself], that isn't [Trust].
That was already one's reason of existence.
Neither a metaphor nor exaggeration, these two were indeed——
indispensable.
Twisted. Damaged. However, these linked them together, as if they were
originally designed to be a pair.
Kurami couldn't comprehend, but after coming into contact with Sora's past,
she understood that in the situation of an accident.
[Destiny]——using this word that was cheap and too ambiguous, there was
no other word to describe that kind of memory.
"...Okay, the second request."
Yes, in accordance to the Oaths, their request——[Left with one].
The elven girl went on full alert, but Kurami who knew Sora's intentions,
said "It's fine" and stopped her.
"That elf——[Fiel], I want a right to tamper your memory. it's not a forceful
one, but under this mutual understanding, Kurami should know who I mean
right?"
Kurami sighed and nodded.
"....Yes, I understand——you want us to be double agents right?"
Sora smiled to the dismay of everyone, while Kurami continued:
"You knew that as long as you gave those memories to me, using the Oaths
wasn't necessary anymore. Drawing me to be a companion, I'm really
condescended."
But as if having a mischievous face that pranked a child, Kurami leaked out a
smile.
"——okay, I accept it, it's very interesting isn't it——your [Plan]."
Seeing her look, Fiel understood.
Sora's intentions——share his memories, peep into Kurami's own, and
letting it stay.
He didn't need to use the Oaths and only needed to make a request——
tampering the memories at the appropriate time....
Taking into account that it would affect the war against Eastern Union——
or even the future in fact——
Obtaining all these conclusions, the elfen girl said: "I
see.....I'll be frank——we've [Completely lost]." Jibril and
Steph froze in place.
The only other person who understood that was Shiro, who widened her
eyes and said:
".....Nii....Amazing..."
"Aren't I~? You can praise your capable Nii oh?" Sora
playfully said.
But Shiro who was still firmly buried in Sora's chest.
"....Un....Nii is Shiro's proud.....Nii...."
"Wuahh, for you to praise me so frankly, your brother will be
embarrassed....Oh!"
As if a string was cut, Sora fell on the ground with Shiro, apparently hit by
fatigue.
Steph and Jibril panicked and ran over, but Sora raised his hand and stopped
them before saying:
"——Shiro....It's almost time?" "...Un,
ready....anytime."
And Kurami held the elven girl's——Fiel's hand.
"I'm sorry, Fiel.....I have to request something from you."
"Nuuu, ah, okay, go ahead!"
Sora, Shiro, Kurami the three of them took a deep breathe.
"Wuahhhhh super~ scary ahhh I'm so sorry I won't do it again ahhh sorry
Shiro~~!"
"Wuuuu~......Guuuu......Guuuuu." "Wuaaaa~~~~~~~~Really———
What exactly is that man~~~~~" The three of them stunned the
crowd.
Like kids who were repenting on their wrongdoings, they cried until they felt
exhausted and slept——
Chapter 2 - Blue Rose/Directional Method
Part 1
The next day--Elchea royal palace. A small conference room.
Within were Sora, Shiro, Steph and Jibril, along with Kurami and the elf.
Sora wore a sarcastic smile, Shiro her usual lidded expression, while Kurami
surveyed the scene with calm eyes.
They looked nothing like the wrecks that had cried themselves to sleep
yesterday.
Upon close examination it was evident their eyes were slightly red, but
they had more or less regained their normal condition.
"......So, why did you call us here?"
Steph voiced out the underlying question.
As if waiting for that, Sora replied.
"I have some understanding from Kurami's memories, but we share a
common cause. We should introduce ourselves."
------A [common cause].
Yesterday Kurami had been coerced--to become a [double agent to Elven
Gard].
Jibril and Steph, exchanging knowing glances, also looked over at Kurami.
Kurami--sweeping her jet black hair aside, with black eyes full of intelligence,
spoke plainly.
"--I am Kurami Zierh. Nice to meet you."
............
It was evident she would say no more. Reluctantly, Sora continued.
"Eh, she's 18 years old, the same age as me. Height is 158cm, three sizes
from the top down are--"
"Y-you!? That's low!!"
In a hurry, Kurami shouted at Sora who was rattling off her personal
information.
"She also pads her bra, and her actual size is--"
"I-I get it! I get it so please stop I'll do it properly!!"
Everyone except Kurami noticed she appeared to be half crying again, but
kept quiet.
"B-but before that--I'll have to introduce 'Fii'......"
At Kurami's glance, the elven lady called Fii opened her mouth.
"Helloo, I'm Fiel Nilvaren"
With golden hair spilled from a fluffy looking cowl, as well as the
characteristic long ears of the elves, the girl who looked to be in her midteens
spoke in a wholly unexpected voice.
"All of you except that devil over there, please feel free to call me Fii~"
So this is what a smile like sunshine looked like. Towards Fii who was
radiating fluffy softness, the so-called demon Jibril tilted her head and asked.
"Oh my, I appear to be quite hated. I do wonder why."
----Could that possibly have been a gag.
As everyone eyed Jibril, Sora rested his cheek on his hand.
"That's quite something for the one who fired 'Heaven's strike' at the capital
to say."
It seemed as if Sora's point had been almost unexpected however.
"Eh, as I've already explained, that's not something which can be blamed on
me--"
"Like hell it can't! Destroying the capital because you bumped your head was
going too far!"
At Sora's retort, Fii jumped in all smiles.
"Not to me~ntion, you also ran off with all the books a~fter. Regaining the
magic we lost at that ti~me took over 800 years you kno~w?"
Sora's fingers drummed the table like hammers.
"----Defendant Jibril, please present your case."
"Even if you say that....elf heads are just rarity 2, and I used up so much
power calling down the 'Heaven's strike', it totally wasn't worth it at all. I
mean I wasn't even able to use magic again until five years later you know?"
Although it wasn't quite sure exactly what this 'Heaven's strike' was, it
was evident this attack had *wiped a city from the map*.
That such power came at a cost even to one of the Flugel had secretly been a
relief to all humanity.
......Setting aside whether five years truly was adequate compensation.
"So to make sure I at least had something to show for it, I slowly took all the
books back with me. In fact after the [Ten Oaths]--ehehe, come to think of it
that was quite the haul indeed ehe, ehehehe~"
"Defendant Jibril----guilty."
"Why!?"
Sora ignored Jibril who sought an immediate appeal.
The issue was whether or not could forgive the one who had massacred so
many of her people.
"Umm, so could I call you Fii then?"
"Yes go ahead?~"
"Seeing how we'll be working together, I'd like to eliminate any potential illwill.
Could you possibly forgive Jibril?"
At Sora's cutting straight to the point, Fii considered and replied in her airy
voice.
"Nn~, that will be quite difficult~."
However, Kurami closed her eyes, and folding her arms spoke up.
"......Fii, for Sora's plan to work, her powers will be indispensable. I ask of
you as well."
Uuu......sighing as if there was no other choice, Fii relented.
"Then~, if you say 'please forgive me Fiel sama' while licking my feet, I'll
forgive you~♥"
"Oh my~ Here I thought you'd puffed up to the heavens themselves, but it
was just your long ears Miss Elf ♪"
The two laughed blackly at each other.
But Shiro, who had until now been dismissively fiddling with a mobile
game on Sora's lap, murmured out.
"......Ji, bril......guilty......*punishment*"
"Eeehhhhh, are, are you really going to make me lick the feet of this animal--"
"...... Punishment"
"U, uuuu...... I can't agree with this at all, but if master says so...... "
Jibril said as she crouched down at Fiel's feet.
Lick lick......
"--Please forgive me Fiel sama (monotone)"
"Oka~y, I forgive you~"
Just like that, Fiel smiled beatifically, as if she had truly forgiven her, and
folded her hands together.
--Was this good enough.
Sora suspected she didn't really care about the past, and had just wanted to
harass Jibril. Well whatever.
"M-m-m, master, m, may I speak for a moment!"
As if reading Sora's thoughts, Jibril rushed over to him like she had had a
revelation.
"L-licking the feet of a lower creature like that and apologising, I thought it
would be the height of shame, but I wonder why! This--when I consider it's
an order from master, it's strange......I feel chills running all over me! The
reason for this absolutely must be--"
"Alright Kurami, please go on with your introduction--"
Sora ignored her and tried to get on with the discussion, and yet.
"Um, if you're talking about a weird feeling, I'm getting that too."
"----Eh, Steph? What's up?"
Pointing at Kurami's impassive face, she declared.
"What's up--isn't this the person who used magic to trick and defeat me!"
"It's your fault for being deceived. Now Kurami, please continue."
"Hey!?"
Ignoring Steph who was dismissed with a word, Kurami spoke.
"Fii is......my childhood friend. To be exact--she's my *master*."
Shiro seemed confused for a moment, so Jibril explained.
"Elven Gard is a democratic country, but in the areas that they annex the
other races are made to make a pact with them--in short, a system akin to
[slavery]."
"Eh......then Kurami is......"
Steph was unable to stop herself from blurting out, and Kurami nodded.
"Yes, since my great grandfather's generation we've been *slaves* to the
Nilven family. I was both born and raised in Elven Gard."
Smiling bitterly at Steph who was lost for words, Kurami went on.
"It's no big deal......everyone has their own struggles."
As she looked at Sora, both Steph and Jibril had the same question
concerning Fii floating in their minds.
For Kurami herself to say it was 'no big deal', could she have been coerced--
"......Well, something like this really isn't uncommon. Fii was the only one who
treated a slave like me as her friend."
Expecting that atmosphere, Kurami continued her story to divert the flow
of the conversation.
"But since treating a slave like a 'friend' would have stained the family
name, officially she's not allowed to show such behaviour of course."
"Personally~, I'm reeally not cool with it you kno~w?"
Fii's fluffy voice was tinged with anger this time. Kurami continued.
"The Nilven family is well known within Elven Gard. They've held a
senatorial seat for generations, and ever since the family head passed away
last year, Fii has been the de facto head--"
Hearing up to that, the response was--
"......Then Fiel san, until the next election you're an acting senator......eh, for a
senator to plot a slave liberation movement--isn't that treason!?"
--It would be a huge scandal in the largest country in the world.
But more than that, everyone gazed over at Steph. They were looks of
surprise.
"--S, Steph, do you have any idea what you said just now!? Don't tell me,
another fever!?"
At Sora's speaking for everyone, Steph maintained her momentum and
turned around.
"Could you stop thinking of me as an idiot already!? If someone isn't
managing all the state affairs that *you two* great kings don't deign to do,
nothing would be working properly!"
Well, setting that amazing sight aside.
Sora looked into Fii's eyes and asked.
"......Are you really alright with this, Fii."
"Ye~s? About wha~t?"
"If you work with us, it will lead to Elven Gard's downfall, you know?"
--Indeed, just as Kurami said, Sora's target was first the Eastern Union--
however.
"Ye~s, well, that's a matter for another time~"
Fii's smile never wavered.
"Whatever it is, as long as Kurami isn't hurt I'm fine with it~ Honestly, I
could care less about my family and the like......all the old men are so damn
noisy, I'd really like to throw all that away if possible~"
Her smile remained as carefree as the clouds.
"Although even I had thought it'd be too soon to talk about destroying the
country, ehehe~"
"S-suddenly she's so nasty......"
At those words coming from that angelic smile, Steph backed away a step.
......If it were for Kurami, she's willing to destroy even her own home.
Originally, Sora would have doubted those words......however.
Perhaps due to receiving some of Kurami's memories, he could feel there was
no falsehood there.
Their relationship was......when compared with *himself and Shiro*--he was
able to empathize with them in mysterious ways.
"If I take my eyes off Kurami, she secretly starts crying, so I want to always
be by her side~"
Fii spoke while rubbing Kurami's head.
"I, I don't cry! You can't call that crying!!"
"Well I mean, when you lost the King selection game, you were crying like a
baby--"
At Sora's point Kurami glared momentarily, but Fii didn't stop stroking.
"So that happened~ Kurami is too eager, I've always said that~"
Squirming, but not shaking the hand off, Kurami spoke.
"I, I wasn't crying already, you know!? Just because you've known me since I
was a baby, how long do you intend to treat me like a child!?"
Sora recalled Fiel's age from Kurami's memories.
Although she looked to be in her mid-teens, as an elf her actual age was--52.
As he watched Fii happily continue stroking Kurami's head, he thought.
(----Rather than friend, she's like......her mother.)
At that *unfamiliar sight*, both Sora and Shiro looked on with some envy.
Part 2
"Right! With that done, let us deepen our friendship further--" "If
it's a bath, we're not going in with you."
"H--how did you know!?"
While Sora was shocked at having his thoughts read so easily, Kurami
heaved a disgusted sigh.
"Did you forget that all of your memories were passed on." "Gu,
gnnn......!"
Bad, this was a very bad situation.
In this world--securing *side dishes* was a top priority!
Not to mention Fiel, an elf was here--how could he let this chance go!
As Sora lamented having his ruse seen through so fast, help arrived from a
most unlooked for source.
"Kurami, deepening friendships with those you're going to cooperate with is
veery important~"
"Fue!?"
Kurami was unable to contain her shock at those words from Fii who she
considered an ally.
"I said that when making up with Jibril san as well~ Didn't I?"
"How, how in the world is that related to taking a bath together and getting
photographed!"
Here Sora drew upon all his reserves of brain power.
He had no idea what Fii's intention was, but he had no choice but to press
forwards a voice in the back of his mind whispered.
"In the world we came from, this is the traditional Japanese way of deepening
friendship--[naked socialising]."
At Sora's flat assertion, Kurami bit her lip.
"E-ever since you came to this world, none of your baths were with that
intention!"
As Kurami had Sora's memories, that was easy to point out.
Of course Sora had no such noble intention. Kurami's doubts were well
founded.
Even so--there was a possible counter!
"That was because both Steph and Jibril were bound by the Oaths. This time,
trust is all we have between us. We have no choice but to rely on traditional
culture--Jibril-kun"
"Here"
Sora snapped his fingers, and Jibril immediately knelt down.
"Care to give an explanation on traditional Japanese [naked socialising] from
the tablet PC?"
Jibril easily operated the tablet according to Sora's will.
"Ahem--[Naked socialising] originally a ritual from the ancient warring
period: by leaving weapons behind and exposing the body, one put all their
cards on the table in a display of mutual trust."
Jibril smoothly made all of that up.
Kurami however remained unconvinced.
"That, that's a lie! There's no such thing in Sora's memories!"
"I was unsure just where it had come from as well. But there should be
memories on deepening trust?"
One moment. She was likely hunting through Sora's memories--and then.
"--There's nothing but indecent thougghhts!?"
Hit by that flood of erotic knowledge and videos, Kurami cried out with a
bright red face.
Perhaps unable to further remain indifferent to her distress, Fii spoke.
"I get it~ Kurami, I'll turn him down for you~"
"Heh? Ah, y-yeah......thank y--"
"I think you've noticed already Sora sa~n, but this is what Kurami really
wanted to sa~y. She has no confidence in her proportions, so she refuses--"
"I, I-I-I-I-I wouldn't ever say that!!?
She spun looking wide-eyed at Fii.
"Am I wro~ng? I mean......"
Fii glanced around the room.
Jibril's. Steph's. Then lastly, her own chest.
Lastly, Kurami's......chest. Her eyes were full of compassion. "It's
alright Kurami. A woman's worth is not in her breasts~" "--A,
ah......f-fine! I'll do it!"
Kurami then pointed at Shiro.
"E-even though that shorty's over there, how could you think of such a
thing!?"
Shiro looked up from the game she was playing, and tilted her head.
Fii's affectionate smile only deepened however, and spoke as a mother to her
child.
"Kurami, comparing yourself to a child is being a bit too self-depreciating you
know~"
Slamming her hands on the table, Kurami stood. ......She was almost in tears.
"Fiiiiii you idiooooottt! F, fine, which way is the bath!?"
"Alriight, let me guide *everyone*~"
As if waiting for this moment, Jibril was already holding an armful of
bathing goods.
"......Does this mean I have to go as well, ah, whatever"
......And so, they watched Jibril lead Kurami and Steph off.
Sora stood while carrying Shiro, and followed after Fii who was also on her
way out.
"----So, why did you go along with our lies?"
"Eh~ that was all a lie~? You're terrible~"
Still smiling, Fii feigned outrage.
But as Sora and Shiro continued walking alongside in silence, she answered.
"......When you get naked, I can analyse your personality from the Elemental
particles you emit~ If I know the likelihood of you stabbing us in the back, it
makes dealing with it easier too~"
Of course, Sora thought as he laughed wryly.
"So you actually want to do a naked socialising just as Jibril described it huh."
Her smile bright as ever, as if saying indeed--there was a point, Fii continued.
"From the memories Kurami has obtained from you, she has decided to
trust you unconditionally Sora-san. I don't know the contents of what she's
seen, and I'm truly grateful you didn't risk her life--however."
Although her smile remained, her eyes narrowed.
"Even though Kurami trusts you, it'd be best if you didn't think the same of
me~"
Her pupils said--if this were to be a 'fraud'.
She would do everything in her power to utterly erase Elchea, Sora, and
everyone.
Looking unflinchingly into that gaze, Sora laughed.
"That's a good answer. If you were stupid enough to accept a 'trust me' from
a bunch of cheaters like us, it would trouble us as well."
Smiling in silence Sora and Shiro continued to walk, as did Fii. Sora suddenly
popped a question.
"May as well ask--are all the elves as sharp as you Fii?" Fufu,
Fii replied.
"If I knew that, then I'd also know just how much my *treason* has been
leaked 'up'~"
--So she had also considered the *possibility that she was being monitored*.
"Haha, guess we'll leave Elven Gard for last after all."
"As long as Kurami isn't hurt~ I'll help with everything I've got~?"
--As long as Kurami isn't hurt, she doesn't mind even destroying even Elven
Gard itself.
That was what Fii was implying.
"The~n, before we start off, I'm going over to Kurami for a bit~" Fii
lightly sped up to catch Kurami.
Sora muttered. "--Jibril."
"Here."
At his utterance, Jibril instantly appeared behind him.
"......Did she use some kind of magic?"
"No, I'm not getting any reactions."
At that answer, Shiro's eyebrows rose slightly.
--That implied the discomforting thought that she had been able to read
three or four moves ahead of her brother, something even she couldn't. Sora,
also slightly chagrined, scratched his head with a wry smile.
"So that means even without magic, she was able to grasp my true
intentions? I'm going to lose confidence if that's the case."
If they lost to someone in the areas of cheating, trickery and psychological
warfare, it would be checkmate.
Fii had anticipated even the 'last resort' they had prepared.
"......Well, we'll be facing Elven Gard sooner or later, so let's go have a good
look at their skills."
Part 3
----Inevitably, for the sake of the rating, they went with a woodfire bath.
Within the excessive steam was most likely a paradise on earth.
Within that bath, dissatisfied, was Shiro. Although the [Elemental water
infused] shampoo Jibril brought had improved things somewhat, she still
didn't like baths.
Kurami was behind Steph, who was washing Shiro's hair.
"Kurami, you actually look really good?"
"Yeah, it's the clothes which make me look thinner......"
Despite having been made fun of earlier, Kurami's body was actually like a
model's; Steph was shocked.
Both Fii and Jibril should also be in here somewhere.
Should.
Since they were in the bath--naturally, they were completely naked.
A fully clothed Sora, sitting with his back towards them, could not be seen.
(I beg you guys......my two mobile cameras and tablet camera. I believe in
you!)
Cameras were set up to cover three spots, avoiding Shiro--the naked minor,
and all the ban flags that would come with it.
Praying he would be able to pull off the best shot this time, Sora struggled
against the constant urge to turn around.
"......Master, are you imagining that?"

At Jibril's speaking from behind, Sora reacted. "*Of
course*."
He was unable to look back, so for the time being--he called out behind him.
"Fii......ah, no, Fiel-sama?"
"Ye~s? What is it~"
From Fii's answer it seemed she was close by, so Sora continued.
"The *magic disguising Kurami's breasts*, is it illusionary? Or
transformation?"
"It's transformation magic~ Well." Smiling,
Fii called out.
"Sorry Kurami, we've been busted, and besides I think that using disguises
during naked socialising isn't very polite after all~"
With a pop like the cork coming off a bottle, Kurami's original--unmodified
figure came into view.
"If you're just going to admit to it so easily Fii, you really may as well not
have bothered in the first place."
Somehow, watching her being harassed Steph felt a certain sympathy.
"......Don't worry, if you live strong, good things will come your way as well!"
"Don't look at me with those eyes! I'm going to grow!!"
As Steph looked on Kurami's breasts with presumptious sympathy, Fii
continued.
"So what kind of magic would you prefer?~"
"Mm--it's good you got it so quickly."
Sora gave an approving nod to Fii who had deduced his intentions accurately,
and spoke.
"--Are you able to 'feminise' me!?"
The heartfelt cry of that man traveled down the length of the room.
As if invoking a divine wind, the dense steam seemed to quiver......
"If you do so, I can finally gaze upon the paradise that spreads behind me!
Looking upon someone of the same sex is perfectly wholesome, if you call
that 18+ then that's like calling public baths and onsens 18+ too! It's the
perfect plan!!"
"If the carnal desire overflowing from within you doesn't change, I don't
think the essence of the matter has changed either though?~"
"There is no physical way to prove the mind!"
"As expected of master! There is something profound about being able to say
such absurd things without hesitation!"
Fii replied.
"It's possible you know?~"
"Seriously!?"
Forcibly restraining his reflexive urge to turn seemed to cause a painful
injury. A goddess was before him--rather, behind him!
"It's just that you won't be able to turn back, are you ok with that?~"
----Eh?
"Two magical elements determine gender. If they're the same it's female, if
they're different male; it's possible to magically make these elements the
same, but it's a one way trip~"
......Why is a lecture on XY chromosomes being given in this fantasy world.
Having her head washed by Steph, Shiro spoke.
"......Re, jected ......"
Sora turned his gaze to the ceiling------ rather, towards an unseen heaven and
wept manly tears.
"I beg of you...... this is a world of fantasy, Oaths, magic; why is something
like sex reversal impossible! Stop being so slack world, put some effort into
it!!"
As Sora cried, he was probably no longer simply referring to the paradise
behind him.
In the end he was forced to believe in the power of mankind--or rather the
science that was three cameras.
Part 4
Elchea Royal Palace--Library.
After the bath Sora and Shiro proceeded straight here.
With her wet hair still wrapped in a towel, Shiro intently scribbled away on
a blackboard.
Beside her Sora gripped a tablet PC with one hand, and wrote countless lines
on endless sheets of paper.
The day was drawing to a close, and the only illumination in the room was
the flickering of the candles along with Sora's tablet.
Compared to the frivolous air of earlier--not a trace remained on the serious
faces of the two.
"----......"
Before returning, Kurami stopped by.
Stacks of paper cluttered the room, and littered around were leafs crushed or
with large X's drawn through them.
Both the symbols on the blackboard, and the lines Sora was writing.
Even having received Sora's memories, she was unable to understand it all.
But--she could guess. Taking a deep breath, Kurami entered. "Is
this--a [strategy to defeat the Eastern Union]?"
"Yeah. Sorry, but please don't talk to Shiro--actually, she probably wouldn't
notice even if you did."
She didn't even seem to have been aware of that exchange.
Without blinking, Shiro simply continued churning out formulas like a
machine. "Well, to be honest 'this' is really Shiro's domain; all I can do is help
a little."
Despite that, what Sora was writing out in Kurami's eyes was definitely a
strategic diagram.
What was displayed on the tablet PC in his other hand however was--
"Do you want to look over the bath videos too?"
"......If you're looking for a reaction like Stephanie Dora from me, give up."
"You say that even though you're going all red and covering your chest." --
No good, trying to talk seriously with this guy was a mistake.
Thinking that Kurami turned around to leave, when Sora's voice stopped her.
"You came to ask if it 'really is possible for us to win', didn't you?" --I
can't handle this person after all, Kurami admitted.
Breaking people's pace was a habit of his already.
It was something she already knew from the memories she had received--
because of that.
There was one thing she was intrigued about.
"----Yes, that's right."
"You know the answer already right? You have my memories after all."
"Even so, there's something I don't understand."
Something inexplicable.
Sora and Shiro, the stratagems the two of them came up with, were
admittedly dazzling.
However--no matter how one looked at it, there was one flaw.
Yet Sora, knowing that flaw--had concluded that it was 'no problem'.
The grounds for that self-confidence, was not to be found in Sora's memories
at all.
"Theoretically there's certainly a possibility. But a theory is in the end still
just theory--"
That went for their chess match, as well as their Othello match--no.
For as long as Sora's memories went on, the one thing in common with every
single game they had played was--victory.
"If you make *even a single misstep*, it's straight into the abyss. How can
you say this will be a [certain win]?"
--Indeed, the amount of games in Sora's memories which had been carried
through victorious was without number.
Yet all of them had been balanced upon a precarious precipice.
How could these be called, [certain wins]--
Sora spoke to Kurami however with a genuinely puzzled look.
"If we make even a single misstep it won't be a certain win. So we simply
have to make sure we *don't make a single misstep* right?"
--This was it. The reason for the surety with which Sora could say this, was
what could not be found in his memories.
"Are you declaring right here that you definitely won't make even one
mistake?"
Kurami glared as she spoke, yet Sora answered with a laugh.
"Hahaha, that's impossible, there's absolutely no way I could do that by
myself......but"
Sora swept his glance around--to the white genius.
The pure white 11 year old girl, still fiercely blazing formulae onto the
blackboard.
"--It's a whole different story for 『』. Even if I should fail, Shiro will be
there."
Sora's words sent up a surge of memories.
----『』 did not know defeat.
Standing here, Kurami finally realised what she had overlooked.
In the Othello game when they had bet their existence.
The three stones she had been unable to capture--the three things he valued
more than himself.
She felt she could understand what they represented now.
(......I see. I have *only Sora's memories*, which is why I can't envision the
final victory......is that it.)
His sister, whose existence he treasured more than himself--Shiro.
They were, the two gamers in one.
Their tactics were like walking a rope of string stretched between mountains,
yet they could be certain of victory.
For her who was unable to possess that 'trust', there was no way--she could
fathom Sora's confidence.
But the countless words he had spoken with Shiro. And
the countless words he had declared to himself. "--
You've......found your [wings] I see."
"Nn?"
Now imitating Sora's voice, Kurami spoke with a smirk.
"--"Hey Shiro, I wonder if it's true that people can be changed"......was it."

"Wha--!?"
--This was it. She had always wanted to see this expression on this man.
Laughing with satisfaction at Sora's beet red face, Kurami left.
Chapter 3 - Killing Giant/Guiding Method
Part 1
Elchea's King City——audience hall.
The two Imanity kings were lying on the throne, limp and weak.
"I say, this is boring.....When will the Eastern Union contact us about the
competition date?"
"....Boring....."
After the series of events with Kurami, five days had already passed by.
Their originally positive spirits now crumbled after all the waiting.
Even Steph, who always lectured them, couldn't find anything to say now.
Finally, the restless Steph had a thought.
"Wh, what if they forgot——or the letter didn't reach...here?" ——Steph
said so, having experienced the same problem in the past. Sora regained his
vitality and sat up, displaying a tyrannical smile. ".....Oh? If that's the case,
then we'll see what would happen——right?"
What Sora thought was, using the last trump card to cause the greatest
harassment——
"Master, sorry to bother you."
Jibril suddenly emerged from thin air.
Seeing a cylinder-shaped item in her hands, Sora and Shiro suddenly got up.
"Whoa! Jibril! Is that——!?"
"Yes, this was sent from the Eastern Union, the date of the competition."
Jibril continued while smiling:
"It seemed like someone didn't want us to fight with the Eastern Union and
locked it somewhere in Elchea's King City. Well, it was because they
appeared suspicious when looking at me——"
"Guuu....Unless you...."
Because it was Jibril, she would kil——
"Please rest assured, I politely and peacefully convinced the other party. I
gently looked into his eyes and coughed a bit, causing him to wet his pants
and he unhesitantly gave me the letter while crying."
"Is, is that so...."
——The [Ten Oaths]. Doesn't include intimidation?
No, before that, wasn't it looting if he prevented the letter from getting into
our hands——
Nevertheless, Steph hugged her head and said:
"....I should've guessed......Because it involved the fate of Imanity......As long as
someone in the parliament did not swear about not [Giving false reports to
Sora], then he could obtain the [Rights to send the letter] and——"
....It seemed as though Steph was really flexible as long as it was about
politics.
Slightly changing his opinion of Steph, Sora quietly thought and said:
"——so it was my fault someone didn't specify a time for the letter to arrive?
Oi, if Imanity does something like this when the situation arises, why can't
they use that sort of brain to focus on the country's affairs."
"Since Sora is Imanity's enemy, they are trying their best to stop you."
Steph coldly replied, but Sora jovially ignored her.
"Okay, what is written——————————Shiro, today's date?"
"27...."
Sora's face stiffened when Shiro answered him immediately.
"——ISN'T THAT TODAY!? THE COMPETITION DATE!!"
"Eh!? Th, that, time is ——"
Sora shouted towards the panicking Steph.
"From dusk——less than half a day! Oi! Everyone get yourselves prepared!"
"I, I know——"
"As expected of Jibril, always ready."
"....Shiro....is all ready...."
"Shiro's brother, Sora, is always OK! Good, let's go!"
Looking at Sora and company who stood up and said they [We're ready],
Steph started panicking.
"Th, that! Oi! This is a competition for countries! At least wear formal attire
——"
"Eh? Isn't this our formal attire? Is there a problem?"
In the group of abnormal people, the truly normal person was known as
the abnormality.
The three of them stared at Steph, giving her a look as if implying:["What
are you talking about"]——
"~~~~Fi, Fine! So be it!"
"Then, Masters and Dora-chan, please hold onto me, I'll jump into the
embassy——"
"Ah, Jibril, there is no need for that."
After refusing Jibril's fastest way to travel, Sora turned to the idling Steph.
"Steph, arrange a carriage at the entrance of the city——we'll openly depart."
Jibril was unable to grasp that sentence while Steph was shocked speechless.
"Wh....What about the demonstrations!?"
"Why——why do you think I intentionally caused the demonstrations to
start in the first place?"
Part 2
With provocations coming one after another, they were at the Elchea King
City square.
The main entrance to Elchea King City slowly opened with a screech.
Everyone who appeared castigated them——but....
As soon as they saw the figures of the four, the crowd fell silent.
In the midst of that silence, the crowd parted ways to allow them to pass.
Walking in the center, with jet-black hair and cold eyes——the [King] Sora.
Next to him, with ruby-red eyes——the [Queen] Shiro.
Closely sticking behind them, with amber eyes shining quietly——the
[Attendant] Jibril.
The three shining eyes exuded out extraordinary determination and
absolute [Confidence].
The crowd couldn't utter a word.
....No, it was too beautiful.
To be honest, Jibril's eyes and gentle smile seemed to imply:
——[If I can hear your insults towards Master, prepare to hand out your
lives.]
The oppressive atmosphere that was capable of stopping someone from
breathing stopped the crowd's words.
At the rear of the group was the blue-eyed Steph, who was trembling while
chasing.
——In the end, not a single remark was spoken as they walked down the
road.
Steph breathlessly got into the carriage and asked Sora:
"You, you said you purposely caused the demonstrations——why is that so?"
Sora was surprised by that question and asked Shiro:
"Eh? Shiro, you didn't tell her?"
".....?"
Shiro tilted her head in confusion, leading Sora to finally realise something.
.....This was a really stupid question.
Shiro wouldn't take her own initiative to explain something to someone
except for Sora.
"Ah~It's like that, the number of reasons as to why I betted the Imanity
piece is——[Three]."
Sora lifted his fingers and turned towards Steph.
"Needless to say, the first was to force the Eastern Union out; the second is
something you should know, to draw Kurami out and get her to join us; and,
lastly——"
Sora explained sequentially until the last finger, where he had a mischievous
smile:
"Everyone's suspicious eyes."
"Eh.....?"
"I don't need the kind of trust of [We'll win if it's us], but I need a bunch of
worried people to widen their eyes and see. This will be the countermeasure
for the Eastern Union's cheat because there is nothing more reliable than a
pair of suspicious eyes."
Sora smirked.
Ignoring the stunned Steph, he commanded the carriage driver:
"Please start the journey, destination will be——Izuna-chan's house!"
"....GO~"
Part 3
.....The outskirts of Elchea, the huge building that stood near the border.
This was Elchea, the Eastern Union embassy.
Sora and company got down from the carriage, and an old Werebeast who
was wearing a Hakama welcomed them.
He was the Elchea Eastern Union embassy foreign ambassador——Hatsuse
Ino.
"....Waited for a long time."
"The ones who waited were us. Okay, we should start."
Once they got down, Sora carefreely said, but the alert Ino briefly responded.
"....Then, this way please."
Following Ino, Sora and company went into the building——Embassy, with
Ino being silent.
"Hmmmm, what is wrong with the old man, why is he so quiet?"
Sora muttered, obviously having that ironic talk earlier on.
Steph replied, with a look of utter defeat:
"Using a method close to fraud to force the Eastern Union to bet everything
on their territories, are you qualified to have those kinds of talks with
him?"
"Rather than that——" Steph pressed her fingers on her head.
"Are your brains normal to act sooooo carefree after betting the whole of
Imanity's rights?"
This was obviously the second visit, but Jibril started salivating when she
looked around, deeply interested in everything she saw. In contrast, Shiro
yawned and started to play with her phone; while Sora had hands behind his
back as he walked leisurely. Steph desperately endured a stomach-ache.
"Steph, are you okay? Please take it easy, or you won't be able to handle it
oh?"
"Thank you for the concern, but the main reason why my stomach hurts is
definitely because of you....."
They were taken to the living room from several days ago.
"....Then before the game starts, please wait here temporarily."
"I know, you must also allow the audience in okay!"
Ino silently bowed and left. After disappearing, Sora unhesitatingly laid down
onto the sofa.
"Then, Jibril, please call me when the time is up."
"Understood, please rest assured and relax."
"....Shiro too."
Saying so, Shiro laid onto Sora's stomach, huddled her body and closed her
eyes.
Just like that, the siblings fell asleep after a couple of seconds.
"....Unbelievable, how sane are they supposed to be."
Several hours later, the game that would decide the fate of Imanity would
begin.
From the moment when Steph learnt of the game's date, she started
experiencing nausea and stomach pain.
Jibril who was at ease as the siblings said:
"Dora-chan should rest awhile too? According to Master's books, the human
brain can function better after several hours of sleep!"
"If I had the steel heart to sleep under these circumstances, I would too...."
"Indeed, considering what Master has to do, this is indeed a tough situation."
".......!"
These words stiffened Steph.
"Looking at this match, Masters would be utilising their everything, so we
should give it our all too."
Feeling her stomachache worsening, Steph then——
In the few hours before that start of the game, Steph spent the time in the
toilet connected to the living room.
Part 4
"....Fuahhh....EH? Steph, you looked like you've lost weight in the last few
hours?"
"...If you say I look languish, it may actually be true....."
With the game about to begin, Steph depressingly replied to Sora who had
just woke up.
"Okay, Shiro, status?"
"...Good."
Hearing Sora's question, Shiro's eyes emitted a light several times sharper
than usual.
"What about Jibril?"
"There is no good or bad condition for The Flügel, as long as you command,
I'm ready to devote myself."
Jibril eliminated her usual gentle smile, erasing all expressions from her
face while speaking.
"Steph's condition——....Un, looks very good."
After saying that, Sora continued, albeit slowly:
"Steph, remember what we bet the last time?"
"....Which bet?"
"The timing where the dove would fly away."
"Ahh.....I remembered that I was ordered to be a dog that day, so what
about it?"
"You remember? The bet that time——I still haven't said it yet oh?"
"——Eh?"
"Jibril, can you ensure that the Werebeasts can't hear my voice?"
"Yes, I've enshrouded Master and Dora-chan in a sound cancelling barrier."
After Jibril's halo spun for a while, Sora nodded and faced Steph.
"Steph, I shall now impose on you a special curse....." Sora's
smile was very, very gentle.
However, Steph felt troubled due to the unnaturally close distance to Sora.
Part 5
——start of the game.
A crowd was led by Ino into the embassy's first floor.
It was a gargantuan hall that encompassed the entire first floor of the
embassy.
There were giant screens on each of the four walls.
The place was filled with hundreds——no, thousands of humans, watching
the game that decides the fate of Imanity with doubtful eyes.
Facing opposite the screen on the stage was a black box——with 5 chairs
near it.
"......"
Silently sitting on one of the chairs——was their opponent, a girl.
She was the ambassador for the Eastern Union embassy in Elchea.
With fox-like ears, a black-haired Werebeast——Hatsuse Izuna.
The girl's eyes were closed, as if she was concentrating, devoid of the
intimacy from before.
".....Please sit here."
Under Ino's urging, Sora sat beside Izuna, while following in a sequence was
Shiro, Jibril and Steph.
After confirming that they were seated, Ino stood beside Izuna and recited
the file in his hand.
"Then——we'll start by [Confirming the contents of the Oaths]."
A sound of someone swallowing their saliva was heard.
"The Eastern Union will bet up [Everything in their territory], while Elchea
will bet on their [Race piece]——namely, their human rights, territories and
whatnot. The Eastern Union representative, with Elchea's two kings and
their entourages, it will be 5 people——a 4 versus 1 style, to partake in this
Eastern Union game."
The opponent followed his requirements——including the 4 versus 1,
which made Sora smile.
——of course, this was because he didn't give his opponent any rights to
refuse.
"With an additional requirement from the Eastern Union, the erasure of
[Memories pertaining to this game], this will be set upon the whole of
Imanity, not just the participants."
Ino continued reading in a dull tone.
"In addition, the rules would be explained once the game starts. The game
will be deemed invalid after the rules are explained, resulting in the erasure
of the memories——are these conditions okay?"
——a simply outrageous condition.
Only knowing the game after betting?
After mentioning all those heavy conditions, specifically asking if [these
conditions are okay]?
[Are these conditions okay?] was what the spectators wanted to ask.
However, Sora had a relaxed expression.
"Yes, there is no problem, but there are two points that need to be made
clear."
Meanwhile, Imanity's king——Sora responded.
"Even if we forfeit, what we forget will be——[The memories of the game
today]. If you decide to have an impossible game that forces us to forfeit,
taking our memories, then you better give up on that kind of expectation,
because it's a waste of time."
Staring into Ino's eyes, Sora said;
"The second point is, [If there is any misconduct in the game, defeat will be
certain once brought to light]——this is one of the [Ten Oaths], so please
don't forget about this point. Okay, there aren't any problems left, so please
hurry up and start."
.......Too easy.
The first trap that the Eastern Union had arranged was already seen
through by Sora.
Sora had an expression that was certain of victory.
Everyone in the area had unmoving eyes.
Ino and Izuna knew that the contents of the game were already seen through.
Both of them frowned for different reasons.
"......Then we should get your agreement——to begin, swear to the Oaths."
After announcing this, Sora and Shiro raised their hands. Jibril
unhesitantly, while Steph hesitated in fear——
"" [Acciente].""
" [Acciente], des."
The representative of Imanity, Sora and Shiro, as well as the opponent.
The Eastern Union's ambassador Hatsuse Izuna.
——pledged to the [Ten Oaths], the mutual declaration.
"Then, Shiro, don't let go of my hands!"
"....Nii too."
Grasping onto each other's hands tightly. Sora leaned back on the chair and
said:
"Okay——start the game." ".....Then let's
get started."
Ino said while controlling the black box——probably turning on the power.
What they saw were the huge screens that started glowing with light.
——this could be said to be a game where Imanity was betted against the
entire territory of the third largest country on the continent.
Anxiety, confusion, despair, countless of emotions intertwined together,
The hall packed with thousands of spectators, went silent.
Looking at Izuna, Sora said: "I say,
Izuna."
".....What, des."
Izuna hesitated for a moment, not knowing if she should respond to the
enemy since the game was about to begin.
However, Sora gazed up at the screen, and casually said a sentence....
——Izuna was going to regret having heard those words. "When
was the last time you played games feeling [Happy]?"
Hearing that sentence, Izuna didn't have a moment to think before the
screen dyed black, and——
——Sora and everyone's consciousness was sucked into the screen.
Part 6
In the midst of the sinking consciousnesses, Sora started to think calmly.
(Going through the late king's intelligence, and also the spying, speculating
what the game is is easy.)
It was indeed as what Sora had revealed, a [Video game].
The only difference as, this was a virtual game that involves the transfer of
consciousness.
The late king remembered this matter while playing in a [different world],
which was probably his limit.
(At that time the opponent was Hatsuse Ino, which was that old man.)
The record said that it was a [Body blowing game]——which meant it was
definitely a FPS[7] game.
After the last competition that was quite long ago, the opponent was also
changed to Hatsuse Izuna.
It definitely meant that there was a change in the game content, but.....——
(As this was an [Open] match for all to view, considering the characteristics
of the Werebeasts and their method of cheating, the game should not change
fundamentally.)
Indeed, under these conditions, the Werebeasts would always [Win].
(So, even if they were to change the venue and alter the rules. If we
responded to it rapidly and anticipate it carefully, this would definitely be a
win——!)
However——before finishing his monologue, Sora saw the world getting
constructed in front of his eyes which caused him to abandon his thoughts
and widen his eyes.
In front of their eyes were——————
"————————you're kidding me."
".......————————"
The siblings resented their missteps.
They had predicted numerous rules, countless venues and were prepared
with countless strategies.
But————this was the only venue that they didn't expect.
There was no doubt, what they saw......Was something that they didn't want
to see.
Ahhhhh, love and hate, the place filled with psychological trauma——
They cannot be mistaken——this was indeed Tokyo.
"...Sorry, Steph, Jibril."
"Eh? What?"
".......AH! Erm, that, did Master call me!?"
Sora said to the stunned Steph and the salivating Jibril who was engrossed
with the scenery:
"I can't do it, sorry, Imanity is finished."
" *shivers* *shivers* *shivers* *shivers*"
"Aaa......Wh, what happened!? That kind of rhetoric questi——"
"I'm sorry I'm sorry I did not think that it was Tokyo that we will face up
against our home again and that we can't help anymore and that you need to
think of your own ways and that I'm sorry."
" *shivers* *shivers* *shivers* *shivers*"
The brother was rolling his eyes and saying a torrent of words; the sister was
squatting, shaking her head; Jibril said:
"——un, unless, this is Master's world?"
At this time, a narration——no, Ino's voice resounded around.
[Surprising isn't it? Welcome to the game world.]
".....Game....World."
[Yes, this is the stage for the game, the virtual world....]
"Hold on."
[——Yes?]
"Let me confirm, this is——a virtual space, a non-existent place?"
[Indeed, what about it?]
Surveying around, Sora calmly re-evaluated.

Numerous skyscrapers towered over the sky, while the concrete-filled roads
enveloped the floor.
...Indeed, this was similar to the heart of Tokyo——but.
The billboards were not in Japanese, there were also Toriis[8] everywhere,
giving a much greener feeling.....Something that was clearly different from
the Tokyo Sora knew.
"——which is to say, this virtual place was created with imagination?"
[Yes, you understand this very fast.]
"————————DON'T SCARE US LIKE THAT!!!!"
Sora's roar echoed in the pseudo-Tokyo game.
"————Ahh, darn! Made me think of some traumatic experiences! I
would've unhesitantly cut my arteries and died. Don't do this kind of stuff
again, old man!"
Ino was confused as to why Sora was mad.
[....Why are you that mad......Is this stage not to your liking?]
"Unsatisfied! Why choose this kind of stage! Is this a form of malicious attack
or simply harassment!"
[No......This is a sci-fi stage that recently got popular with the youths in
Eastern Union, there isn't any specific intentions for using this stage.]
"Ah....Ahhh? Science, science fiction?" ——ye,
yeah.
Calm down, calm down, 18-year-old virgin Sora.
Yes, thinking about it, this is a fantasy world.
Which means this was what we fantasised back in our original world——a
world filled with elves and dragons.
Just like our world, this [Disboard] is indeed a fantasy world.
To these people, the idea of [Modern Earth] is just a product of what I'm
thinking——only me.
This is a game that absorbed our consciousness, a virtual game, not Tokyo, a
virtual game.
Sora convinced himself and took a deep breath.
"Fu......Ha....Okay, no problems, my heart is calm."
"..... *shivers* *shivers* *shivers* *shivers*"
"Shiro, calm down, although this looks like Tokyo, it ain't. This is a place that
came out of their imaginations."
".....Guuuu....Eh?"
Perhaps she was hit with a psychological trauma.
Shiro didn't seem to have heard Ino's words and needed Sora to convince
her.
"Yes, and since this is a game, we can go out right? Like the Persona series,
Akiba's Trip and Steins;Gate. This is a game, so there won't be any problems,
so we'll just hold hands and it'll be alright?"
"...Inside a game.....Un...Okay, I got.....It...."
Although her eyes were still dazed, Shiro nonetheless stood up.
[Uhh~ So let me repeat once more——shall we start the game?]
——there were human spectators in this game.
Sora lightly coughed, having felt the cold gazes staring at him even though
the spectators were invisible.
"Okay, no problems, we can begin."
[.....Un, then we'll begin the animation.]
"Eh? What is that?"
"Is there a need to see it?"
Steph and Jibril were confused, but Sora and Shiro had already positioned
themselves upright.
"You are not worthy of being a gamer if you skip the introductions, so stop
gazing around, widen your eyes and sit in the correct position to watch."
"....*nods**nods*...."
By their urging, Steph and Jibril reluctantly sat in an upright position.
After that, a huge screen appeared from above Tokyo (fake).
[You——are a heartthrob.]
....Just a second has passed before Sora gave the judgement that this was
undoubtedly a bad game.
But holding onto his gamer's self-esteem, he remained silent.
[Every girl in the world is crazy for you, giving you days where you are
chased by them.....But you already have someone——someone you like.]
The huge screen that originally had narration suddenly changed to an
angelic Izuna, who was dressed beautifully.
[However, in the face of many temptations, there is no error in true love——
]
Then the screen changed to a scene where dozens of kemonomimi started
to chase, wanting an embrace.
[Can you resist all these temptations——and convey the [Love] to your
sweetheart!?]
A side-story of the Dead or Alive series.
L O V E D OR L O V E D 2~shoot your love to her~
Contrary to the the siblings' amused expressions, the other two had not seen
a gun before and were confused. Ino continued:
[Then I'll explain the rules.]
With a tone as if he was reading an instruction manual, Ino said:
[Please use those guns——to shoot at the nearby NPCs.] [9]
"Shoot!?"
[You can shoot or blast——give them the melty melty.]
"Gal*Gun!?"[10]
[Once given the melty melty, the girls would understand your sweetheart
and entrust their love power to you."
".....Ah, yes."
[What the 『Melty melty gun』 shoots out is 『Love power』——which
means everyone's 『Power of love』.]
Suddenly, everyone looked down on the gun on their hands that had a
peculiar shape.
"——this is called the [Melty melty gun] eh."
"....Good custom."
"What a cheap name, you can obviously feel the childish vibes from it."
"Hey hey, what is this [ㄑㄧㄤ]?"
"In other words, Izuna wants us to love her, the goal is a harem ending. While
our goal is Izuna alone."
[That is indeed right on the dot.]
"...That...How do I say...."
Holding complicated feelings, Sora spoke up:
"I'll forgive this setting since Izuna-chan is an adorable kimonomimi girl; if
this was you old man, then I'll immediately log off and gouge out my own
eyes."
[I can understand your strong feelings, but please don't forget, the request of
4 versus 1 was set by you!]
——Ino's explanation clearly emphasised that this setting was caused by
Sora's request.
However, he continued saying, as if agreeing to Sora's thoughts.
[The latest trend has got to do with all these cute games...Back when I was
younger, everything was more hot-blooded——]
——It appears no matter which world there would still be old gamers, Sora
thought.
"....Oh well. Old man, I need to confirm something, and some questions too."
[Please go ahead.]
One, the [Energy](power of love) consumed between the [Melty gun] and
[Melty grenade].
Second, attacking the [NPCs], will restore the [Energy](power of love) or
not.
Third, when the [NPCs] received the [Energy](power of love) and starts to
attack, will the [Energy](Power of love) decrease upon contact.
Fourth, once the [Energy](power of love) is used up, the [NPCs] will no
longer approach and will be unable to fight.
Fifth, once hit by Izuna, you'll become her [Companion](love slave),
becoming an uncontrollable——[Enemy].
Sixth, if a companion becomes an [Enemy] upon getting hit by Izuna,
shooting them back will return them back to normal.
Seventh, even when the [Energy] (power of love) is used up, reversing the
situation with the sixth is still possible.
Eighth, the situation reflects the reality of one's own physical abilities, with
no usage of magic.
"——that should be all right?"
[You are learning too quickly, that saves time.]
——Sora placed a finger on his chin and started thinking.
Although there were problems with several of them, this wouldn't affect
the overall strategies.
This game is barely——just a little shy——but still within the predicted
range.
"So this a game where Gal*gun and Left 4 Dead had a child."
Sora had something to retort, even after listening to all those rules.
"This is such a stupid game....Like any otaku would happily buy it....."
"...Which means....Nii will buy."
"Yes, even though the stage and protagonist sucks, but using this game to
seize territories makes one feel awesome. Like being chased by kemonomimi
girls, or wanting to achieve more."
Sora explained with excitement, before asking:
"Old man, this [Melty gun]——what kind of principles would be restored if
you shoot it at your companion?"
[Simple, because what it shoots out is the 『Power of Love』.]
"....Same thing as being shot by Izuna?"
[Yes, only temporarily, the person shot will become the shooter's 『Love
slave』——]
*Bang!*
Before Ino finished talking, Shiro had already pulled the trigger at Sora
without any hesitation.
The pink bullet flew out of the gun and struck home to Sora's arms, causing
countless of small hearts to fly about——
"Ahhh, my little sister————my little sister! Why didn't I notice that there
was such a lovely woman at my side the whole time! Ahhh! I really want to
dig out my own eyes!!!'
"......Kyaaa.....Nii, no.....We are siblings....."
Shiro blushed and responded with exaggeration.
"Whoa whoa! What about it! Indeed, societal norms reject it, but the socalled
society isn't present right now! This is [Disboard], where everything is 
decided by games——no one will interrupt, so we can go——the other side
where ethical requirements does not exist!!"
"Oi! I'll interrupt okay!! Have you forgotten that this is an important match!?"
Although she was confused, Steph nevertheless quickly interjected. Jibril who
was at the side suddenly said:
"Then let me have my fun too."
*Bang*
The bullet fired from Jibril hit Shiro, scattering small hearts about.
"...Jibril....I love you.....?"
"Ahhhhhhhhhhh Shiro! Are you rejecting Nii's love!?"
"Ah ha!! This must be the so-called [Love Triangle] and [Netorare][11]
written in Master's book, I see——even though I don't have feelings of love,
this is very exciting————!"
"————Ah!"
.....Sora suddenly woke up.
"Guu....I can't even control myself in the state of being a [Love Slave], but I'm
still conscious of it.....This is horrifying, going into a state where I can't control
myself...... I almost did something to Shiro and went to the land of the
prohibite
d..... "
Slightly later, Shiro seemed to have regained consciousness too and she
started staring at Jibril with her eyes half-opened.
".....Jibril......Later.....Punishment...."
"Ahhh! Forgive me Shiro-sama! I couldn't suppress my curiosity!"
"Why punish her? Whatever....In short, the rules have been
mastered.....next...."
Mastering the rules of the game content, Sora began to plan strategies.
However, the most concerning matter was——
"Ehhh.....Steph, the rules, do you understand it?"
"Heh, don't underestimate me——I totally didn't understand it!"
Steph puffed out her chest and said. Sora then said to her:
"Okay, firstly you'll hold the gun like this."
"Un, like that?"
"Yes yes, then place your index finger into the hole."
"Okay."
"Next, point the gun downwards and pull your index back."
"Like this?"
Steph pointed the gun onto the ground and pulled the trigger.
With a *Bang*, the bullet hit the ground——and bounced back.
"......Ah, ahhhh.....Why am·I·so·beautiful——fufufu, I won't let you go."
Becoming a love slave to herself, Steph embraced herself and started shaking
her body.
"Hmmm, as expected, this bullet has bouncing capabilities. Shiro, this is the
key factor."
"....Un, I know....Leave it to me."
The siblings conversed while observing Steph with serious eyes.
"So we'll tentatively treat this place as point α until we've finished settling
down in this place, before moving out. According to the rules, aside from
Jibril, our bodies are the same, meaning that if the NPCs have the strength of
Werebeasts, then it'll be hard to shake them off. Jibril, you'll be at the rear to
help send our pursuers packing home."
".....Yes, sir."
"Understood——but what about Dora-chan?"
Hearing this, Sora watched Steph whose body was writhing.
"Doesn't matter, even if she gets shot by Izuna? Since it is [Steph] after all."
"Indeed, if it is [Steph]."
Listening to Sora's certainty, Jibril readily abandoned Steph. "Okay,
let's go! Both of you! The fate of Imanity lies in this battle!" ""Oh~!""
"Oh hohoho, why am·I·so·beautiful?......Ahhh, why are you so cold?"
Ignoring Steph who was sticking herself to the mirror, the three of them took
action and left.
■ Spectators' floor ■ The game has
begun.
In the eyes of the dumbfounded audience observing this idiotic game.
There was a girl who had a tense atmosphere, with black eyes obscured
beneath the shadow of a black veil.
——Kurami's figure appeared. (......Fii, can
you see it?)
《Yes~the angle is perfect, I'm completely receiving Kurami's line of sight.》
Kurami's sight was currently in sync with the elf outside the building——
Fiel, and they were having a conversation.
Although this was as normal as breathing for Kurami who was born in Elven
Gard....
(Really, compared to the other races, who can bear to get hit with this sort of
magic.)
——Ino's eyebrow started twitching.
(——This is...... The smell of magic?)
Humans do not have the capability to connect to the Elemental Gallery, and
neither can the Werebeasts.
However, Ino caught the [Smell] of magic with his extraordinary senses and
started looking around.
(....Kurami Zierh! Why is she here.....!)
He remembered that she was a spy sent by Elven Gard of the elf race to
infiltrate into the King selection battle of Elchea......
(——the person even lured over [Other races to monitor] eh.....)
——the Oaths only covered the participants and the spectators' memories.
If Kurami is currently using magic to report to the currently far away elves,
then this game would be known to Elven Gard.
Staring at Sora who was running in the virtual reality, Ino thought:
(This man——prepared to this extent....!)
——[Try and blatantly cheat if you dare, even the tricks to your game would
be exposed.]
A shallow smile appeared on the man whose eyes were closed.
《Fufu, still pretending.....Your over-sensitive ears are currently showing
a reaction yo~》
Seeing that the unmoving Ino was directing his attention to them, Fii can't
help but laugh.
——This should be the development as desired by Sora.
(Fii, this [Computer space] is the game that was speculated by Sora, a virtual
world where magic can't interfere, it seems like there is nothing we can do
——)
《I understand, the important thing is that we are looking at this.》
——as expected of Fii.
Once she had heard of Sora's request, she already grasped onto his
intentions.
(This way, the Eastern Union can't use an obvious cheat....)
Compared to the game content——if their cheating means were known by
Elven Gard, then they should be able to take countermeasures......Which
means next time Eastern Union will really be finished.
For this reason, Sora would exploit the contents and use [Fii] to monitor, so
that her memories wouldn't disappear even if they had lost.
(.....But even so, I do not intend on letting them cheat, so Fii should also help
too.)
《Un~maintaining this is very tiring yo~! But, for Kurami, I'll work hard.》
——re-examining Sora's memories, about the method to win this game.
No matter how much she looked back, this was a plan that was too risky.
However, even with all those negative factors, [Victory] this word was
shining in Sora's memories.
For him to have such a confident answer——should lie in who Sora believed
in.
Kurami thought, if she could do that kind of thing in this game?
".....Let me see——Sora."
Just like that, Kurami looked through the black veil and stared at the screen
that was reflecting a running Sora.
■ In the game ■
There were a bunch of people running in a concrete jungle, between
buildings in a fictional Tokyo.
——Sora skillfully dodged the Kemonomimi NPCs who were swarming
them.
While observing with his sharp eyes, he started thinking.
Because the NPCs were set to be Werebeasts, their physical capabilities
were definitely higher than them——but,,,
Sora could barely cope with their actions.
This was probably because there was similarity in their movements, the
monotonous movements of wanting to hug them.
But, that sort of thing didn't matter, the more important thing was——
Prior to this and due to his old habits as a gamer, Sora kept using the
approach of shooting the NPCs [Head first], causing him to have a feeling
akin to a sense of violation.
"The disappearance of the NPCs(girls) and their clothing——has a slight
delay in timing!)
The gamers detected the slight difference with their ability of not missing
a single frame.
Unless it was actually possible to do a————partial destruction!
Sora aimed his gun and shot.
The gun flashed, causing the pink bullet to fly at the speed of sound, hitting
the skirt of the NPC(girl).
——the NPC(girl) did not disappear, as the small hearts scattered. Only the
skirt disappeared!
"As——As I thought!!!!! This is the real catching point of this game!!!"
No, they must do it. The item that sticks closely to their body——which is!
The matter of hitting the underwear only——it can be done!!
"Cloth are——presumably cotton, average of 1.5mm."
Losing the skirt, the NPC(girl) started running at breakneck speed toward
Sora.
"The bullet's accuracy has to be at the 1 mm.....But, I can do it——!"
The NPC(girl) charged towards Sora with her hands wide open.
Slightly bending his waist, Sora dodged the NPC(girl)'s hand and did a
sidestep.
Using the smallest possible action, Sora used two steps to get behind the
NPC(girl)'s back.
Sora started aiming with his gun at extremely close range at————the
horizontal-striped underwear!
"——right here!"
The bullet shot out brushed past the underwear——then disappeared.
But, the NPC(girl) also scattered the small pink hearts, turning into
[Energy(Power of Love)] and then disappearing....
"Damn it alllll! Why, why can't you not wear underwear!? Damn it alll!!!"
■ Spectators' floor ■
Seeing how Sora failed to make the underwear disappear, the packed room
of spectators....
OHHHHHHHHHH.......Let out sounds of regret.
Watching that scene, Kurami gripped onto her wrist, trying hard to not look
away.
(This is a trick, this is a trick, there must be some intentions, he must have
caught onto something, resist it, Fii.)
《I'm fine......but could Kurami stop shifting your gaze, I'm about to faint.》
[GOOOD! The bra is destroyed! How knowledgeable, to use a hand bra!]
From the screen came Sora's voice, while the spectators' floor were filled
with cheers of OOOOOOHHHHHHHH.
(....This stupid race, I don't care anymore....)
Kurami stopped thinking.
《Ahh, Kurami, don't close your eyes, open them, Kurami!》
■ In the game ■
(——good, the final confirmation.)
Experiencing the chase from the Kemonomimis, Sora joyfully ran in the
alley between the buildings.
Shiro was following his pace and closely followed Sora with her small steps.
Jibril was jumping between buildings, happily dispersing the NPCs(girls)
behind Sora.
Exchanging gazes, Sora nodded his head.
"Shiro, report the performance of the gun."
"....All intelligence, parameters are roughly...In meters...."
Shiro took a deep breath before continuing.
"Velocity of projectile is 300 m/s, range of 400m, not affected by wind or
gravity; has straight and bouncing capabilities, limit of bounce and the range
of the gun are geometrically similar, the angle of its bounce and the angle of
incidence are geometrically similar, simple....."
She finished the torrent of information in one breath. After regaining
her breath, Shiro said.
"..How...Tired."
Compared to estimating, talking was more tiring to Shiro. Sora started
patting his little sister's head.
"Good, well done, as expected of Shiro!"
Confirming that Shiro's mood was slightly better....
"Jibril, how are your physical abilities?"
Sora and Shiro were still the same even after coming here, being out of
breath after running.
So what kind of change did Jibril experience?
"To not be able to use magic, feels like I'm denying [Myself], being limited to
my physical limits. Really, it's such an inconvenience to have my physical
body only."
Why was it inconvenient if she could jump between the walls of
buildings.....but, Sora asked carefully:
"You said it earlier, that the Werebeasts could exceed their physical limits.
What's the difference between that and your's?"
"Although it's unpleasant, but that should be correct."
But only, Jibril said:
"As I've discussed before, the Werebeasts can use [Blood Devastation], if that
can be reflected in this game——then I'll prevail in an instant, so best be
prepared."
——[Blood Devastation].....The Werebeasts have the capabilities to surpass
their physical limits, and this would result in their strength being multiplied
several fold.
If this was a game prepared by the Werebeasts, then this capability was
certainly there.
"The Flügel, the Werebeasts......This world is too exaggerated."
Sora sighed——nevertheless, they've collected the necessary intel.
"In other words, in this virtual space that prohibits magic, they have the
overwhelming advantage in that this game relying on the [Physical
aspects] ——this is probably what the enemy thought."
Sora couldn't help it, and started laughing.
They have no obligations to [Fight]; this is a game.
——In the previous world, [Blank] was at the peak of more than 280 kinds
of games.
Both of them revealed the truth of every game, which was——
"No matter how complicated the game looks, there are two kinds of actions
for the final action."
"Your meaning is?"
Facing Jibril's question, Sora answered with a splenetic smile:
"——the tactical and corresponding action, which means the active and
passive."
Which means——the one who initiates first wins.
This could be said to be a gamer's fact, and——
"They didn't realise, that since ancient times, this was mankind's game."
The game was called——[Hunting].
"Shiro, ready? Keep a low profile while running——okay?"
"...Understood..."
"Its about time we start eh?"
—————.....
At a distance hundreds of meters away from Sora, eighth floor of a building.
Izuna was hiding in a warehouse with a small window.
Because of where the sun reflected, Sora would not be able to see the
window. Izuna used her Werebeast sight to locate and watch Sora and
company's movements.
There are four enemies, there is one of her.
Even if there were many ways to win, the result would be over if there was a
slight mistake. More importantly, there was the Flügel on the opposition.
Before the battle, Izuna had been focused on analysing the combat capability
of her enemies.
Upon seeing how the trio were having so much fun in removing the
NPCs(girls) clothes, Izuna frowned unhappily.
——[When was the last time you played games feeling 『happy』?]
Sora's words caused Izuna to bite her lip.
(What is happiness? How can I have that kind of feeling, des!) The
game was akin to plundering, an indirect fight.
......As long as you lose, a lot of people would be unhappy. For
this reason, winning was obvious.
However, winning, the other party would suffer, even taking away their lives.
Those kind of things were [Happiness]?
The only feeling felt was——[Guilt] from being the predator.
(Why do you look so happy? Des!)
Izuna was irritated, her eyes that were locked onto Sora became sharper.
——suddenly, her eyes caught onto the [Grenade] Sora was holding in his
hand.
Sora waved his hand, throwing the [Grenade]. This caused a sudden pink
flash to appear.
After a bang, there was a severe impact shock. "———
!?"
The building Izuna hid in shook.
Izuna jumped out due to the fright. She then placed herself on alert and
listened.
(.......My hiding place was discovered, des!? Impossible, des!)
Since the beginning of the game, Izuna immediately pulled a distance away
from Sora and company to carry out observation.
If they didn't have the five senses of the Werebeasts——no, they shouldn't
be able to locate even if they had it.
But what Izuna heard——with her radar-like ears that could discern
movements in a 100 meter radius.
Was the sound of footsteps walking into the building.
(This sound——is Shiro's, des.)
Walking in at a certain pace that was short and lightweight.
She was the enemy that Izuna had designated as the most [Non-threatening].
No——not only Shiro, but also Sora and Steph. Humans did not have
enough combat capabilities.
Izuna did not attack immediately at the outset, because of the Flügel Jibril.
Even if the opponent had gaming technology, or knew their games,
humans would always be the same——unable to keep up with the
Werebeasts' response.
——Then....
From the [Grenade] and the [Close footsteps sound], what were these weird
feelings?
Suddenly, she sensed danger.
Izuna listened and found out that this building was suddenly full of
NPCs(girls).
Within all that chaos, there was a rhythmic sound of approaching
footsteps....?
"——!"
Izuna went on full alert and flipped up her kimono, revealing a gun which she
started pointing at the small door.
This was the only door that connected to the warehouse Izuna was hiding in.
Slightly opening the door, a huge amount of NPCs(girls) were wandering
about.
Once the compact and lightweight footsteps sound reached the eighth floor
——
It suddenly——stopped.
(——?)
Izuna raised her ears to pick up the sound, then——
The footsteps instantly increased in speed.
The speed of a human child was not supposed to have any threat——this
was originally the case, but——
(——what is going on, des!?)
Outside——in the hallway where the wandering NPCs(girls) were.
With every gunshot, one disappears. This sent a chill down Izuna's spine.
These set of movements repeated, with no hesitation and disruption.
Dispersing the numerous NPCs(girls) without slowing down, the footsteps
generally——
(It's coming here——des!?)
Izuna didn't doubt it anymore, the fact that [Her hiding place was
discovered] ——!
How did they find me?——this question didn't matter at this point.
Activating her five senses, Izuna turned to face Shiro who was outside the
warehouse and followed her movements with the gun in her hands.
With Shiro closing in, she fired a bullet outside the door, causing the sound of
explosions and bursts of hearts to appear. The bounce from the bullet were
certain to hit home on Shiro's forehead——
Yes, it was a calculated move, using the bouncing power of the bullet and the
fact that Shiro couldn't see it.
However——that accurately shot bullet——
Was dodged narrowly by Shiro.
(——impossible, des!)
Yes, impossible.
After seeing the bullet that travelled at the speed of sound, avoiding it was
impossible.
Even if they knew it, their——bodies wouldn't be able to react in time.
Not to mention if it was the fitness of an eleven-year-old girl, but——
That was—— a situation where you [Dodge].
Before that, [Shiro's footsteps] weren't chaotic in the midst of all those
NPCs(girls).
Her footsteps gave Izuna her answer.
In order to confirm it, Izuna shot another bullet out in attempt to hit Shiro—
—
but.....
"....Useless...."
The bullet that was [Shot] towards Shiro——was repelled by another bullet
from Shiro.
(Really——it's like that, des!?)
Up to this point, Izuna had a new belief. ——she
was sure.
This human——this eleven-year-old girl.
She took action after fully grasping onto the dynamics of all movements.
——the bullets and NPCs(girls) wouldn't appear out of thin air.
As long as you confirmed the target location of the bullet, you could
straighten your arms, aim and fire.
As long as it was an NPC(girl), once you are discovered, they would come
after you.
Abiding by some numerous patterns, from the obvious attacks.
Then——there was no need to dodge.
As long as you are not in the trajectory of the shot.
——Shiro's actions were secretive.
In their original world, the urban legend gamers [Blank]——which means
Sora and Shiro.
In the FPS world, the gamer that held the most kills in recorded history——
Was not Sora, but Shiro.
She had a demonic ability to calculate and grasp onto the enemy's dynamics,
deriving out what the enemy was going to do, predicting the future in
regards to shooting and dodging time, giving the enemy an illusion as if [The
bullet took the initiative on her, and is in hot pursuit].
(——is that possible, des!!)
Of course, Izuna couldn't possibly know about the previous world Sora was
in.
The fact that Izuna inferred out, was not because she relied on her
Werebeast's instincts.
But it was her gamer's intuition that told her that Shiro——was much more
dangerous than The Flügel.
Frantically searching around, Izuna found and hid in a small space filled
with items.
Facing against opponents that could dodge ricocheting bullets and are able to
mount an offensive front, places like these——were unfavorable.
(——I can only escape, des!)
In order to buy time for her escape, Izuna threw a [Grenade] outside the
door.
——but before the grenade flew out of the door.
A bullet was shot from outside——detonating it.
(What——!?)
*Bang*
Izuna instantly hid behind all those items, narrowly escaping the blast of
wind rushing indoors.
But to counter-attack like that, it was like they already knew in advance that
she would throw out a grenade.
During that period, Shiro's footsteps weren't in disorder. Reaching the
warehouse, Izuna started having goosebumps.
(She's here, des!)
Shiro launched a flying kick while running——kicking the door open.
She then threw a smoke grenade, before bursting into the warehouse.
Following that, Shiro knocked down a nearby cupboard, mixing the sound of
her steps with the sound of the collapsing cupboard. Izuna's ears couldn't
discern Shiro's position.
Izuna started breathing erratically——she couldn't hear.
(———I can only start shooting, des!)
Hiding behind the items, Izuna shot without aiming.
The countless bullets bounced after being fired, causing the room to become
an endless bombardment.
Then——in a moment......
Izuna heard Shiro exhaling——causing a chill to run across her back.
Izuna immediately plunged out.
With ground-breaking strength, she crashed through the small window to
go out of the building.
Looking back, in the smoky room caused by an explosion, Izuna felt——
The sound of the enemy shooting down all bullets she shot.
Next, she heard all the reflected bullets headed into the spot Izuna was
hiding in.
(————What exactly is happening, des!?)
A moment——if she was a moment too late, she would have been
bombarded with a rain of bullets.
But, at this time, Izuna widened her eyes in surprise. This
didn't come from Shiro.
——it came from above. "We~
lcome?"
(The Flügel——Jibril, des!?)
She seemed to have ambushed her, knowing in advance the timing of which
she would jump out.
——When did she move to the roof!?
Izuna gasped in astonishment. Although they were The Flügel, this game
restricted them to their absolute physical limits.
She shouldn't be able to use magic, so she couldn't fly.
If she was moving with her two feet, her own ears should've been able to
pick up——
Despite the predicament she was in, Izuna still operated calmly and
rationally.
She noticed that Jibril was ready to throw a [Grenade].
(——A flash bomb! Des!)
Izuna concluded.
Attacking the grenade first would result in an explosion.
So——ignore the grenade, shoot Jibril, and then use the second round to
deal with the bomb!
Repeating the actions that she'd picked out, Izuna pulled the trigger.
However——
"Aren't you too naive?"
Even if they were restricted by magic, the physical limits of The Flügel still
exceeded the Werebeasts.
In the air, Jibril twisted her body at the bullets fired at close range.
The bullet slightly grazed Jibril's clothes, causing it to disappear.
Then, the grenade burst and caused an explosion, followed by a flash.
Jibril raised her gun in an attempt to shoot the enemy hidden in the
smoke. However, she widened her eyes in surprise.
The bullet Izuna had fired——was the third shot.
Two shots were fired——the first was to allow Jibril to dodge it.
The second bullet was to lure Jibril to throw the flash grenade, then
counter-attacking in the flash.
And the purpose of the third bullet——
"Heh——eh? Ah, I forget I can't fly!?"
Jibril wanted to flap her wings to dodge, but the wings were only moving in
emptiness.
Unable to recover, she was going to get hit by the bullet at her forehead——
But, at that moment.
Jibril witnessed——
In the situation where there were no simultaneous plans——Izuna
panickedly looked at the distant outline on the other side of the building.
Izuna abruptly——twisted her body, taking the most evasive measure she
could.
A bullet penetrated her clothing——disappeared.
Then, the second bullet fired from the same direction impacted on Jibril who
was freshly hit by Izuna.
——facing the facts, with beast-like reaction.
The blow instantly brought Jibril back.
(Unless, everything was in the plan, des!?)
Izuna suddenly looked up——
In the place where Izuna broke the window, Shiro was aiming her gun on
Izuna.
However——
(I can't be attacked from here, des!)
Just like Jibril.
Because of the initial attack, Izuna was forced to dodge, she had no other
counters.
——even if their physical strength were higher, she couldn't fly.
With no foothold to dodge bullets in the air——she had to throw away her
main focus to perform that kind of awkward movement.
This was her limit——she couldn't adjust her position anymore.
Shiro's gun muzzle aimed coldly at her.
Fight back? Impossible. Avoid? Impossible. In that case——
Fire.
The bullet that couldn't be avoided—— (——!!)
Izuna bit her teeth, waving her hands upwards.
Her second set of clothes flipped to stand in the trajectory of the bullet.
Penetrating the kimono, it disappeared.
However, the bullet scattered small hearts before——disappearing. ".....I
see....Clothes can be used as a shield....."
This rule wasn't explained.
Shiro murmured in admiration while Izuna managed to land safely on the
ground.
Immediately jumping up, she bolted away like a true four-legged beast.
Jibril who was hit by the bullet, struck the tarmac ground head first. ——A
moment of silence.
But, she slowly got up as if nothing had happened.
Then, with heart-shaped eyes, she stared into the distance.
"Master.....Ohhhh my Master.....Please let me stay by your side?" Jibril
started running on the asphalt ground.
She was headed to——Sora who was sniping from three hundred meters
away.
——eleven seconds have passed since the commencement of the battle.
"...Fuu...Fuuu..."
In the warehouse full of smoke, Shiro panted intensely.
——even if her movements are as precise as machinery, and she did
calculations that even computers can't replicate. Nevertheless her body was
still that of an eleven-year old human girl.
Including their physical strength, this game directly reflects their own self.
Not to mention that Shiro and her brother were NEETs, they were exhausted
due to their lack of exercise——and their devastating lack of physical
strength.
In order to reply as soon as possible, Shiro relaxed her body, and murmured
out:
"....Didn't....Fuu....hit..."
"That isn't Shiro's fault, compared to that——"
Responding to her was Sora who was three hundred meters away.
From the moment where Jibril got hit by the bullet, 15 seconds had passed.
Regaining consciousness over her body that was hugging Sora, Jibril
immediately sent him to Shiro who was in the warehouse.
"The state of being unable to manipulate lasts for 15 seconds.....And also
——"
Sora came down to Shiro's side, and asked Jibril:
".....Jibril, you confirmed it?"
"Yes, personally confirmed."
Jibril who was leaned on by Sora said:
"Before Master shot, she turned to the direction of Master, no mistakes."
Hearing her report, Sora asked another question.
"Well, I was in an ambush position, my breathing was stopped. I shot when
the bullet exploded, but I was exposed. Completely surprising, causing a feint
as if dead, and started sniping——"
"Jibril——if you were a Flügel, would you discover?"
This was a question, to see if she could detect attacks from the unknown.
"——impossible, this must be the sixth sense of the Werebeasts?"
After listening to that, Sora made a bitter smile.
"Don't be silly, if that is possible, it ain't sixth sense anymore——that's
[Foresight]."
The so-called sixth sense, was only the [High intuition] caused by the linking
of the five senses.
If they could perceive all of these prior, then there was no need to lie about
being able to read people's heart.
Forgetting this game, the Eastern Union could even fight with Elven Gard.
"——then..."
"Yes, it must be——cheat."
Sora clutched her head.
"Really, such a troublesome way to cheat. I wanted to finish and resolve this
quickly——no matter, we shall move to point y. Jibril, please carry Shiro
over, she is tired. I'll move using a different route.
"Roger."
■ Spectators' floor ■
"————What...."
Looking at the scene reflected on the screen, those that were speechless were
——Ino and Kurami.
Those spectators that numbered thousands, cheered loudly for Sora, as if
forgetting about their suspicions.
It didn't hit.
But there was no doubt——Sora and company were pressuring the Eastern
Union girl.
(Just now...What.....happened?)
Kurami was beyond amazed, and started to suspect the scene displayed.
Fighting against the opponent's game? It felt as if this was their game instead.
Relying on calculated action and strategies, they easily lured their opponent.
(The opponent wasn't alert around Shiro, got suppressed and made an
emergency retreat; then got feinted by Jibril who the opponent was most
alert of. They then forced her to lose her balance in the air, before taking
long-distance snipes——)
《....Whoa....how amazing.....》
Even Fii who was sharing vision with Kurami felt admiration.
——indeed, this was a terrifying flawless strategy.
But, this caused numerous doubts to arise.
In Sora's memories, do all those incomprehensible numbers hold any
answers?
(——how did they discern their enemy's position? What was that
overwhelming combat strength from Shiro? It was as if everything was
according to plan, grasping the situation——no, completely [Mastering] their
methods...)
Then, what was more strange——
(——able to [Dodge] that kind of attack, that Werebeast...)
《Just like what Sora-san said, that should've been an [Unknown attack].》
Yes, able to predict possible attacks at that moment, was impossible in her
position——
What Jibril said to Sora...
(There was reaction before the shots....right?)
《——Cheating, which means [Dishonesty]——a scam yo.》
(I see, unable to prove that it was a cheat....The enemy can say it was their
[Sixth sense] after all.)
《They use these methods, Elven Gard lost four times.....I see~》
In admiration and a little hostility, Fii said.
Kurami quietly observed the look on Ino's face.
Although his expressions were empty——but his heart must've been
shaken, no mistake.
But, there was no way to see he was cheating.
(As expected——they are familiar with this game, and are enjoying an
advantage!)
Maintaining a deadpan expression, Ino shouted in his heart.
How could they be so clear about this, and even plan out such meticulous
tactics?
To be more knowledgeable about Eastern Union's games than Eastern Union
itself, shouldn't be possible——
There were numerous doubts, but——
(.....Calm down....even if they do that, it is still useless.) Yes,
even so, they still stand no chance of winning.
■ In the game ■
"...Having said that." Jibril said.
"——using [Mathematics] to cause the enemy to have an impasse...This is a
really new idea eh."
y point——was an ugly looking park found by Sora.
It was surrounded by buildings, sheltered by the surroundings with the
exception of the sky. They set this place as their base of operations, Shiro
was using the floor in replacement of a blackboard to craft out a formula.
For Sora to be able to find Izuna's hidden spot, they made use of tracking
curves and backpropagation, using chance to calculate Izuna's position, then
spreading the Dirac delta function δ for their presumption, followed by
driven particle filter and linear analysis, to derive her predicted actions.
Jibril's sentence was directed to the impasse caused to Izuna by Shiro's
calculations and Sora's strategies, she had heartfelt praise.
But Sora shook his head with a distressed expression.
"....This isn't an odd scheme, but a necessity." "Your
meaning is?"
"....The reason why Izuna didn't attack from the start was because she was
alert of you. In that case, then it means that Izuna's fitness is evenly
matched with yours."
Sora sighed deeply.
"Let me give an analogy. Say I run 100 meters in about 15 seconds, Shiro
could get this done in 20; then for Jibril, with your current fitness, how long
would it take for you to finish 100 meters?"
Tilting her head while giving the floor a kick, Jibril briefly replied:
"....Two steps." "Isn't that too
weird!"
"To be honest, my body never felt this heavy before....for Masters to live this
kind of inconvenience everyday....Such fortitude....This impresses me to no
end."
"...Don't forget that the difference in our abilities is lower than yours by at
least 10 times."
Sora unhappily stated. Hearing Sora say this, Jibril leaked out a pained
expression and looked towards the sky.
"——ob,obviously knowing that their lives are that fragile, yet Master
wanted to challenge me and Werebeasts, even God——! Ahhh, this is brave!
Too brave!"
"You're noisy!"
Jibril had a deeper admiration for the weakness of Sora as a human, which
caused Sora to sigh.
"In short——because there is such a huge performance gap, Shiro would get
eliminated if there was a slight error, and I can't win if I'm approached——
thus we can't have a showdown unless mathematics is involved."
Indeed, in everyone's eyes, Sora and company looked like they had an
overwhelming advantage.
However, truthfully——once Izuna approached them, it would be
[Checkmate] for Sora and company.
Although Shiro was like a demon, when she finally gets hit by fatigue and
makes the slightest of mistakes, it would be over for them.
......At that moment, there won't be any other combat force except Jibril.
——the smallest error in this high-risk strategy would lead to the defeat of
all. Not relying on this strategy would mean——rephrasing, there are no
other
methods other than this.
"But, in regards to how the enemy used the cheat, we can formulate a new
strategy once we've given it some thought——so that next time we can hit
the target right?"
Even though Jibril sounded very optimistic, Sora's expression was troubled.
"Impossible."
"——eh?"
Sora started to explain in place of Shiro who was writing equations on the
ground.
"Uncertainty principle....ah, no, I don't even understand it, it's better to not
say it."
Sora scratched his head, explaining it like a monologue.
"....Listen carefully. There are two kinds of methods to win this game. First,
get the upper-hand and dominate throughout; or keep losing and perform
a comeback, winning it. These are the two kinds."
Sora raised his finger and described.
"However, to use the latter method, requires you to [Constantly play the fool,
underestimated by the opponent]."
......Yes, just like what the former King had done.
"Once the opponent knows we are smart, the second method cannot be
used, then, the enemy would also change their moves to correspond ours'.
Therefore, it will be completely impossible to predict with mathematics
now...."
Finishing, Sora sat beside Shiro and breathed deeply.
"Next, will purely be the outcome."
Sora no longer had a troubled expression, looking at Shiro who was writing
formulae while biting her nail.
"——it depends on you, Shiro. Since we can't win in the first step, the next
one would be——random chance."
"....Un."
——purely the outcome?
Against the opponents who were well-versed in the game, has
overwhelming physical strength and cheats as well?
Simply put, this was——equivalent to a [Desperate situation]——
".....Jibril, I need you to keep guard. In this game that uses one's own physical
capabilities, even if Shiro has machine-like precision, she would miss her
shots if she ever gets tired——she can't manage many more shots, so we
need to do the protecting while allowing Shiro to focus on calculation."
Upon hearing Sora's orders that broke Jibril's thoughts, Jibril immediately
responded in respect:
"Yes sir, leave it to me."
"......Really, If I'd known this, I would've exercised...."
Sora smiled bitterly while standing up.
Facing off against the oncoming onslaught of the NPCs(girls), Sora stared at
them boldly, shedding a cold sweat.
■ Spectators' floor ■
While looking at the screen, Ino was also listening intently.
On stage, Sora and company were sleeping beside Izuna, allowing Ino to
hear their heartbeats.
The pulse of their heartbeats determined if Sora was lying or telling the
truth.
But, the heartbeats told Ino that they still haven't given up.
——They have unused tricks.
Ino was being careful to prevent Kurami from discovering.
He then used a frequency that only Werebeasts could hear and started
whispering.
——yes, the same method as when he told Izuna about Sora's whereabouts
during the snipe mission.
■ In the game ■
[Izuna, they are in the west park, be careful, they still have tricks up their
sleeves.]
Yes——this was the first cheat by the Eastern Union.
As this clearly wasn't stated in the beginning of the game, the battle would
be over once they are exposed.
But for Ino who could see the entire game on the stage——meaning that he
had God's vision. [Ino's advice] could only be heard by Izuna as the tone was
of a different frequency...Meaning that aside from the Werebeasts, no one
else would know.
"...Fuu, fuu...."
Izuna was hiding in a building several hundreds of meters away when she
heard Ino's voice.
(——I already know that, des.)
If they were capable of devising tactics of that degree, of course they would
have backup plans.
(Although I'm only spying, I've planned everything out, des.) How
would they react once they saw that......it's worth looking. [....Izuna,
are you alright?]
——Izuna had a confused expression on her face. Alright?
Of course.
I was taken aback, but they are still far from winning against me——
[.....No, I'm not worried, it must've been related to that shock just now.]
So——what thing?
[Your expression looks very stiff, take it easy.]
——————......?
Hearing he say that, Izuna touched her face. Indeed,
her face was stiff, but—— (.....[I'm laughing], des?)
——What's so funny,
What is there to laugh about, what is going on with my expression!
(....From just now——this heart of mine is very noisy, des!) When
will it stop beating? The exercise shouldn't have done this. What is it
beating for? What am I happy for?
——『When was the last time you played games feeling [Happy]?』
(————————!)
The words Sora said flashed through her mind, causing her to start
pounding on the walls.
The whole building started shaking. Retrieving her hand out of the
broken wall, Izuna stood up.
"....Fuu.....Fuuu...." [....Izuna.]
(Stop nagging, des!)
This cannot be happiness! She absolutely wouldn't accept that this thing
was making her happy.
——quick, must quickly end them once and for all. End it
quickly————
——————......
"I can't stand it, the girls are good, but this is unbearable to be unable to
touch
them!"
Remarking, Sora fiercely embraced the NPC(girl), causing it to disappear.
"Why is that so? If you are Master, the [Energy(power of love)] should have
some leeway, then it should be fine. I thought that you would just touch
them though."
Both Jibril and Sora were protecting Shiro, with Sora avoiding the
NPCs(girls) and Jibril fighting with a smile.
Sora avoided the hands of the NPC(girl) that wanted to hug him.
The hand that got dodged let out a deep sound——inserting into the ground.
"Oi, old man~~! In this game, if Shiro and I fall from a building or get hugged
by these guys, won't we die! What would happen then?"
Facing Sora's call, the broadcast——Ino's voice replied:
[Ah, no problem, you won't experience real death in this game.]
"Ah, is that so? Then I'll start feeling them——"
[But please note that it would result in extreme pain.]
"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHJIBRIL! SA, SAVE ME!"
Sora who got hugged with the intention of sexual harassment, started
shouting in pain.
Jibril immediately shot the NPC(girl) who was hugging Sora.
"Master! Ar, are you alright!"
"Fuu.....Fuuu.....Ye, yeah.....I'm fine...."
Sora laid on the floor, grimacing in pain. Although it looked painful, he lifted
up his thumb.
"Did it....Rubbed it....Although I couldn't feel anything due to the pain, but it
was worth it...."
"Jibril can only admire Master's iron will."
——at this time....
An atmosphere different from the average NPCs(girls) appeared, causing
Jibril and Sora to lift up their guns.
What they saw——expressionless eyes, pointing the gun at Sora and
company——
".....Oh, it's only Steph."
Saying these words, Sora unhesitatingly shot 8 bullets.
Those shots didn't connect with Steph. However, with the exception of her
underwear, Steph's clothes were eliminated without a trace.
"....Jibril."
"Yes."
"I'll leave the rest to you."
"Yes, sire."
Jibril silently obeyed her Master's orders, and shot Steph's forehead.
"Ahh~~Jibril is soooo naughty~~! Leaving me behind, I won't ever let you
leave me ~?"
"....Bringing this guy here was very stupid." ■
Spectators' floor ■
[I, Izuna]
After waiting for another opportunistic moment, Ino reported to Izuna again.
[Ah....How do I say this....Anyways, it looks like they are merciless towards
their own people.]
Ino could only report it like this.
Looking at the cruel treatment, not just the audience, but even Kurami was
stunned.

(....That child, is....Working hard.)
Knowing the treatment that Steph undergoes due to Sora's memories,
Kurami felt sympathy. Fii then said to Kurami:
《Kurami....I feel that you and Steph-san could be good friends yo~.》
——the meaning behind this sentence, Kurami decided to not pursue it.
■ In the game ■
....Almost two hours have passed since the start of the game. And
now——
"....It finally came down to a defensive war."
Sora murmured, his first coat was already gone as he stood vigilant.
For him to have gotten hit once, was it because of his amazing judgmental
skills?
Or was it simply the idea that [No one wants to see a naked man] that struck
him?
Shiro had already lost her jacket-uniform, leaving her with only a white
shirt and knee-length stockings.
Originally, Jibril was dressed skimpily, and she has already lost a few
buttons. If she gets shot one more time, a scene which was unhealthy for the
audience would appear.
——they are currently [Trapped in a state of worries].
Izuna kept attacking whilst mixed with the NPCs(girls), causing them to have
cold sweat.
".....Our attacks aren't working....Its just a matter of time right?"
"Shiro-san, the next tactic is——:
"....Jibril...Quiet..!"
Jibril seemed quite anxious, but Shiro was also clutching her head.
The floor of the park was filled with formulae. Shiro looked at these while
biting her nail.
——no, there was no final calculation that was usable. The
calculation was perfect, but this couldn't be done——
Seeing the anxiety-filled face appearing on Shiro's face, Jibril shed a cold
sweat and whispered to Sora:
"...Master....This is too messy, even for Shiro-san...." "No, it's
possible."
However, Sora denied Jibril's words with a strong and undoubting tone while
glancing around the area.
"I can't do it in games, but Shiro can, it has always been like this, and will be
so in the future."
——because of this sentence.
Shiro's mind thought of the completion of the method.
But that——was too....
Shiro nervously whispered: "...Nii
believes....in Shiro?"
"Ahhhhh? You think that Nii doubts you?"
Avoiding the swooping NPCs(girls), Sora engaged with them while replying.
——indeed, thinking back.....
Because that game of reversi——the game carried out against Kurami.
Shiro thought of the words she had yet to say to Sora.
"....Then Nii....Next time....It's your turn——oh." "Ah,
what?"
Shiro slightly raised her mouth.
On the ground filled with formulae, Shiro forcefully waved her hand at the
last variable——and wrote.
——A [Nii].
Then——the sun shone on the figure.
Izuna jumped out from the walls surrounding the park, shooting the bullet
that headed to Sora.
"Shit...! Jibril cover me——!"
Unable to avoid it, Sora immediately called Jibril to take the blow to allow
him to recover.
Just when the bullet was about to hit Sora——
"What——"
Shiro faced against the upcoming bullet——and plunged.
—————......
With their backs facing the sun, Izuna shot a bullet towards Sora while
moving in between buildings.
It was barely an attack, but yet she felt it had a good feeling. Izuna couldn't
see the results, so she went to the roof of the building closest to the park
and listened.
"No bouncing sound——it hit, des?"
This sentence prompted Ino to answer.
After confirming Shiro's heartbeat, Ino instantly replied.
[Shiro's heartbeat is steady——completely relaxed, means she is unable to
control herself. You hit, Izuna.]
——————......
Then, Shiro's expressionless eyes glazed over Sora as she aimed the muzzle
at him.
Whether it was Sora or Jibril, even the spectators in the room, they all
thought of the same thing.
————exceeding Izuna.....It was the birth of Imanity's worst enemy.
Sora wanted to pull some distance away from Shiro——but he stood still and
stopped his movements.
He fired at Shiro, stretched out his wrist-band to block the bullet.
"Jibril! Above!"
At the same time, Izuna wouldn't let this chance go and would attack again
————!
Towards this speculation, Sora was confident. He threw the grenade in the
air and Jibril shot it.
A flash appeared. Jibril rolled on the ground while firing at any silhouettes
she saw.
But Sora didn't have time to confirm the situation.
Shiro's gun ignited again, causing Sora to stretch out his left foot in front of
the muzzle.
Hearts scattered, his left shoe——disappeared together with the bullet.
(Once the bullet is fired————avoiding is impossible! Must not let her
shoot!!)
————then, he saw Shiro sliding on the ground, muzzle pointed on the
ground.
"Shit——!!"
Understanding the significance of that action, Sora shouted out.
She was sliding——to attack from a position Sora is unaware of.
Facing against the the ground-launched bullets that were fired three times,
or eight times, or maybe more——the bouncing bullets increased, sealing
any chance of Sora gaining time to fight back and hit Sora when he was
unable to
dodge anymore. This was a clear conviction, causing Sora's blood to freeze.
As he bowed to dodge, he also took off his remaining right shoe and kicked.
The bullet shot hit Sora's shoe, making it disappear.
——prevented, but....
Sora was out of balance, his shoe was gone, and for the next attack, he didn't
have any ways to block it.
"Jibril!"
Jibril immediately responded upon hearing Sora's voice. She tread ten
meters in one step and picked up Sora.
At the second step, she went another fifty meters, before jumping.
However, the [Bouncing curtain] Shiro shot out, calculated even Jibril's
entrance and escape route.
The metal band on Jibril's arm was shaved off.
——as previously experienced by Izuna, the attack that had demonic
calculation, could even force the most combatant race out of the [Sixteen
races] to have chills.
Finally managing to land, Jibril placed Sora down, but Shiro had already
turned her body and was ready for the next attack.
"....It finally ended eh."
She finally experienced what Shiro was capable of——the techniques that
even cheats couldn't stand up to.
Jibril murmured while trembling, there was no chance of winning if
Shiro's formula wasn't used.
"....Master, as to why Shiro would protect Master, I simply cannot
understand——"
"Yeah——because I understand, so it's okay if you don't."
Sora said forcefully and watched the park filled with formulae.
"The variable [Nii]....Nii, which means me."
Cold sweat dripping down his face, Sora had a stiff smile.
"Including the situation where Shiro becomes an enemy, [Me] being a
variable to complete the equation——this would lead us to a [Convincing
victory], like a magical formula....Am I right? Shiro?"
Sora started laughing. At this time, Shiro pointed her gun at him.
....Grasping unto this position, following the bouncing bullet, and avoiding
the bullets Shiro shot. This became Sora's new goal.
There was only one way to escape this.
Predicting Shiro's every attack————Shiro would take into account that
her bullets would be avoided. So to completely predict her, he had to exceed
her——which meant that in the face of the horrifying situation, he had to
use the best answer to achieve a victory.
Joke——it was definitely [Impossible].
Having Shiro as an opponent and to win her using the same method, was
just like an apple flying upwards, an impossible feat.
"....Jibril, please handle Izuna."
Hearing these words, Jibril swallowed her saliva——in this situation
where the slightest mistake would cost everything, Sora intends on
sending his largest combat power away.
"...Is that alright?"
"We can't handle Shiro even if we are together, we won't be able to stop
Izuna if she attacks now. If there was anyone who could clash with that
person, it's only you——please buy as much time as possible."
This also included the possibility that Jibril would become Izuna's [Love
slave] ——the risk of being an enemy.
If that comes, it will really be over.
But——
"Buying time isn't a problem for me———"
Jibril smiled.
"But taking her down should be fine....no?"
".....You are learning fast with our world's knowledge eh. If you can defeat
her, then it would be best, but I'll make a comment, that will be a death flag
oh?"
"What.....Then I'll just knock her down normally."
Concluding her sentence, Jibril kicked the ground.
The first jump brought her to the tenth floor of a building, while the
second jump brought her one hundred meters up the air.
Then, a bullet came from behind Jibril as she was in the air——but she
dodged it.
"As I've expected——thank you for letting me find you effortlessly."
Catching the figure in the direction of the bullet——Izuna, Jibril sneered.
She landed lightly on the fifteenth floor of a building, and raised her gun
to face Izuna.
Jibril did a curtsy with her skirt and said to Izuna:
"Hello, puppy."
"....."
"Hey, I've a feeling of deja vu....We lost against the Eastern Union in the past,
and the opponent from then——should be you right?"
Jibril squinted her eyes in response to Izuna's silence.
"I see, I've always been in doubt as to why I lost to Werebeasts, but now I
understand."
Jibril showed an angelic smile.
"The wisdom that Werebeasts got, was [Luring the opponent into a space
where they could cheat] right...——because Master said that it was a tactic,
so I won't complain, but I can say it here."
Then, with her clear-pitched voice——she let out killing intent.
"Asking a stupid dog to have a [Sense of shame] or [Self-esteem], is
probably asking too much."
Izuna shed a cold sweat and took a step back.
——ranked sixth in position, the Flügel.
If this was prior to the [Ten Oaths], confrontation was equivalent to
destruction, an existence superior to others.
Although the humans Sora and Shiro gave her a surprise, but her originally
most alert opponent from the outset was in front of her eyes.
Instinctual screams came from her Werebeast blood.
Asking her to throw down her firearm, cry and plead for mercy.
The person in front of her eyes was————[Death].
But Izuna repressed her instincts with rational thoughts and held the
gun tighter.
"Okay, although Master asked me to buy time, I'll play with you since this is a
rare opportunity.
Jibril smiled sweetly, but those eyes were as if they were looking at trash.
"All your dirty tricks, feel free to use it."
Both of them kicked the ground, crushing the concrete and jumped up.
With godspeed, they pulled out————[Melty Melty gun].
The two races from the [Sixteen race] possessing the strongest physical
abilities, will they fall in love(Get rid of) with the opponent or forced to
love the opponent(gotten rid of)?
——In this LOVEorLOVED, the two figures exchanged——!!
Part 7
——Sora was running in the alley, when a bullet flew past his forehead.
He couldn't be complacent just because he successfully dodged a bullet.
The shooter was Shiro. Even if he avoided it once, she would attack again.
Think! With that much bouncing shots, what was the most unexpected action
I can take!?
I have no time, I can't make any mistakes, and yet you want me to get the
answer a second!
"Whoaaaaa this is it!!"
Sora shouted at the bullet flying in his direction and started performing
backward jumps to dodge the bullet.
Subsequently, the next bullet went before Sora's eyes.
"——damn, even these actions were predicted!"
The main reason as to why he barely escaped that bullet was.....His
processing speed and jumping distance was a little beyond what Shiro had
thought. But——the attack next time would be corrected.
Sure enough, with his little sister as his opponent, he couldn't win the
prediction war.
"Ahh~! What do you want me to do, Shiro!"
Sora shouted out while running.
So far, Sora was barely able to avoid Shiro's attacks because of the gap in
physical ability.
Shiro didn't have strength, so she couldn't run. If she did, she would get
tired and her shooting wouldn't be accurate.
The advantages in distance and physical ability bought Sora some time to
think.
(Bluffing and scaring her is meaningless. With machine-like ability to use
Mathematics to predict the enemy's action and seal their actions......If
someone designed this kind of enemy in a game, the players won't win,
and the producers will get scolded!)
Running into a roadway with complex routes, Sora rushed into the big
building he saw.
Only the Eastern Union designer would know what this building was, but—
—
(A large hall with a curve design——if it curves even more, the bullet
would bounce——)
But, intuition warned him, forcing him to run across the place and kick
down a nearby table.
With a *Pa* sound——the bullet hit the table.
Blocking Shiro's attack, Sora felt fear instead of having a peace of mind.
"——!?"
Sora's body sank, and he tumbled out before jumping.
Following that, a bullet hit the curved ceiling before bouncing behind the
table.
"Easily calculating out the bouncing angle from a curved region!? No
matter what, that is too much of an exaggeration, Shiro!"
My sister, you are kidding right——Sora wanted to yell out.
"Damn, no, this is not a problem to be solved by topographical differences...!"
——Run. Run faster, but don't have an irregular pace!
Going beyond her prediction, over-predict what she is going to predict!
Run to the roof! Once I'm at the roof, there will be a limited number of
bullets that can bounce——
(————this must be within her prediction range, but still, in an unmanipulative
state, she could predict the most appropriate course of
action ——)
With the feeling of hopelessness lingering in Sora, he suddenly——had a
doubt.
(Wait a second, isn't this strange.....)
Up to now, Shiro hadn't run yet.
When Sora intends to leave the firing range, she would block the retreat
route and shorten the distance.
Not consuming energy, not fatigued, a continuous precise shooting, but——
(.....If she wanted to hit me, she should run and that would present an
opportunity to shoot...)
The one who commanded Shiro to not run——should be Sora himself.
That's because when fighting with Izuna, accuracy was needed.
Then if she solely wanted to defeat me, what was the problem in being
breathless?
This was the same if it was Jibril too, then—— "......This
is bad if I got it wrong...But...."
He could only trust on it, Sora thought. Kicking
the door, he went on the roof.
"Fuu, fuu....Okay, Shiro? Nii is almost at his limit, this treatment is too much
for an otaku like me......Fuu...."
Chasing behind Sora was Shiro, whose eyes——were still expressionless.
She walked unsteadily, pointing the muzzle at Sora.
(Tenth floor, no other tall buildings nearby——) "Ah~
Shiro....If I'm really wrong——"
He was about to say [Sorry], but he dispelled that idea.
This was a right answer, this was neither an error of judgement nor is it
wrong.
When gambling with Kurami, he also handed Shiro this kind of burden.
Up till now, as a brother——he absolutely cannot be wrong! "—————
———HIYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!" Kicking the concrete floor,
Sora bolted.
He saw Shiro pulling the trigger.
Sora waved the sleeve left from the first coat.
Shiro undoubtedly aimed at his forehead——Sora threw the sleeve in the
bullet's trajectory.
Hit, the last part from his first coat disappeared together with the bullet.
".....Nii..I love you?"
Shiro tightly clutched onto Sora, while Sora replied back: "——
——yes, Nii loves you the most."
[Izuna, now.]
——as if responding to the words in her ear.
Izuna jumped out from a window in the opposite building
What her eyes and gun muzzle captured was, Sora and Shiro on the roof. The
final attack, Izuna encountered the situation for it.
Sora was hugging Shiro who couldn't control herself, at the roof of the
building.
Unable to change his posture, unable to escape. (———
—what a waste of my effort, des.)
But facing against the approaching Izuna, Sora's eyes didn't catch her.
"....Haha, how naive."
Sora happily smiled, from his hand was a——grenade.
"————!?"
Against the thrown grenade, Izuna reflexively shot it——she regretted it
immediately.
(No——my mistake, des!)
The flash appeared, burning Izuna's retina.
Then the sound of the exploding grenade paralysed her eardrums, blocking
her hearing.
In her flicking vision, Izuna barely escaped from a bullet that pierced
through the smoke. Izuna had to admit that——this was just by chance.
(Predicted....no, not right, des.)
It didn't matter as to how she got predicted.
The more important question was————
(How did he manage to do such a precise shot, des!)
Holding onto Shiro who couldn't control herself, Sora managed a precise shot
without aiming.
Even if Sora was a gamer, humans shouldn't be able to do that kind of thing
——
However, Izuna's thoughts were interrupted.
She still perceived it even when her five senses have yet to stabilise.
In the embrace of Sora——
Supposedly in a state of being uncontrollable——Shiro.
The muzzle of her gun was calm, mechanically and incomparably correctly
——aligned with Izuna.
It was obvious that her eyes were clear and were directly staring at her——
"Because of this moment————you didn't run and save your physical
strength right? Shiro."
"...Nii....I love you."
The same line as before——but Shiro had a proud smile while reciting it out.
■ Spectators' floor ■
"How is it——!"
Seeing the scene displayed, Ino lamented out. Ino kept
conveying the conversations to Izuna.
The timing to an attack and the instruction on attacking, should have been
perfect.
He was always [Listening] to Sora's heartbeat as he escaped and Shiro's
heartbeat as she chased.
The state of being uncontrollable after being hit by the Melty Melty gun was
[15 seconds] in accordance to the rules.
But not [2 seconds] have passed since Sora hit Shiro.
Sora did indeed hit Shiro, he even heard the gunshot, so...Why!? ——At
this moment, both Izuna and Ino thought of the same possibility.
■ In the game ■
(It hit the clothing, camouflaging the attack, des?) Shiro
who was held by Sora.
If the shot was fake, the clothing should've disappeared——but there were
not substantial changes....
However, Izuna suddenly saw clothes floating down, causing her to change
her thoughts.
Izuna looked at the curve between Shiro's leg and waist She
thought of the nonsensical act Sora did at first——
(Unless——he really did....)
At a critical moment, the stage which related to Imanity's fate.
(——he really aimed and shot at the [Underwear], des!?)
This was a stupid conclusion——but it didn't fully explain the situation.
If the shot was supposed to act as a camouflage, then Shiro should still be
Izuna's companion(love slave).
But Shiro [Pointed a gun at herself]. This narrowed down the conclusion to
only——one.
As if mocking Izuna's thoughts, Sora said:
"You finally found out? From the start——Shiro was never your companion."
The shot that Sora was sheltered from——was a superb acting that even
fooled him.
Looking at Shiro's white shirt, there was something different.
Just like playing spot the differences, a button was lacking. At
that time, Shiro sacrificed a button to block Izuna's attack.
Shiro was capable of predicting the trajectory within millimeters——
and started the superb acting.
■ Spectators' floor ■
(How——how could it be!)
Ino couldn't accept this fact as he cried out in his heart.
(Sora was really panicking! And Shiro's heartbeat was nothing special, it had
no tension!)
From the moment Shiro got hit by Izuna, her heartbeats——had remained
the same.
Being in a relaxed state of mind, calm and stable heartbeats.
However, if it was like that, then what this meant——
(She even fooled her own brother!?)
Not nervous, not shaken, not excited——unhesitantly deceiving one's own
brother.
Without any discussing, a completely improvised way, the coordination was
perfect...
■ In the game ■
——but for Izuna who was experiencing it, that kind of thing didn't matter
anymore.
Regardless of what kind of tricks the enemy used, there was only one
meaning to this situation
(I fell for it——des.)
Which meant that once again, she fell into the plot orchestrated by the
enemy.
Because she avoided the first shot, her body was off-balance. Also——the
attacker was that [Shiro].
No matter what she couldn't dodge it anymore. The clothes she used as a
shield were almost gone.
(But——this is how I like it, des.)
The window where Izuna broke out——inside.
There was a silhouette of someone aiming a gun inside the dark room, when
a muzzle flash appeared.
Losing to Izuna——[Becoming the enemy, Jibril].
The bullet shot flew sharply across the sky, heading towards Sora and Shiro.
(You arranged an over-conceited trap——but this shall end it, des.)
Izuna was two steps ahead of them.
If this was the case, then it was really over—— Izuna
believed that she has won.
——at this time, a sense of trembling and nervousness struck Izuna's body.
Shiro pulled the trigger, firing one bullet.
Where she aimed——was not Izuna.
Izuna felt goosebumps.
This was...The Werebeasts' genuine——[Sixth sense].
She realised that from the start, Shiro's gun was aiming at someone
behind her.
It was aiming at Jibril.
——but even if they found out, who would've thought of it?
Aiming at the bullet Jibril fired out——
After hitting the bullet, it would bounce towards Izuna——who would
think out such a preposterous thing.
Experiencing countless strategies and insights.
What she planned out, this——no, even planning was not possible.
The bullets collided with each other behind Izuna——bounce, the bullet
came from Izuna's death angle.
That was a fatal blow that was impossible to detect.
Fooling her brother, fooling herself, fooling Izuna, fooling Ino, even Jibril
was even calculated into the plan.
It was Godlike——no, the attack that stemmed from demonic calculations
was impossible to avoid.
Yes, an attack that was certain to hit.
——it was usually the case.
"——interesting, des!!"
Izuna grinned, full of arrogance.
At the same time, her body's blood flowed uncontrollably, breaking her
capillaries, dyeing her eye and body hair with blood, increasing her nerve's
temperature, causing her cells to boil and muscle to spit fire(?), even the
laws of physics started weeping.
——[Blood Devastation].
The red figure that broke her own physical limits——
Izuna, with her hands stained with blood——silently disappeared.
As there were both humans, Sora and Shiro didn't detect.
Izuna's hand which moved at speeds humans are unaware of——caught
the space.
Faster than the speed of sound, her hand condensed the friction caused by
the atmosphere, catching her falling body.
Then it followed by a [Kick].
With outrageous strength, Izuna repressed inertia and gravity, and the surekill
bullet coming from above——
Went past her...With the slightest in difference.
——what kind of outrageous theory is that?
Nobody could understand and accept those kind of skills in theory.
But for the people familiar with this game, there was one word to explain
this phenomenon.
Seeing how Izuna changed her posture, her crimson eyes and gun pointing
at his forehead, Sora couldn't help but——smile bitterly.
"——she jumped two times in the air, are you kidding me."
This was the [Blood Devastation] that Jibril mentioned——
Reaching the physical limits of Werebeasts, going beyond the boundaries of
the world.
There was the sound of one bullet fired.
But at that time, two bullets headed towards the both of them.
There was no obstacle in their trajectory——just two magical bullets
hitting their foreheads simultaneously.
The motionless Sora and Shiro fell without resistance, as if discarded broken
toys.
Izuna finally landed on the ground, causing huge cracks in the tarmac floor.
"Fuuuuuuuuuuuu.....Fuuuuuuuuuu——!"
Breathing heavily, she demonstrated her fighting heart, showing the violence
in an animal's morphology.
Her body stained with fresh blood, the air exposed to it gradually turned
black——
■ Spectators's floor ■
".....——"
Silence.
The spectators were all silent.
Kurami was also speechless, even Fii who was looking at the same screen
was speechless.
——this was the Werebeasts from the fourteenth rank of the [16 races]
Up till this point, Kurami understood, although it was too late——
Why would the Eastern Union agree to this game?
Why did they agree to hold an [Open Match] which limits the number of
cheats usable.
Yes, because Sora set numerous traps, but there should be other ways right.
Even so, the Eastern Union agreed to this game, that was most simple
answer.
No matter how much they calculated and how much they strategized——
they will always be [Overwhelmed by the performance gap], this absurd and
irrational reason overturned everything else.
Higher ranked than the Humans by two——but they were overwhelming
[Monsters].
Looking at that, even Kurami swallowed her saliva in despair.
——winning was impossible.
Fii's silence and Jibril's defeat says it all.
In a competition that seals off all magic, to be able to beat down these
monsters under these circumstances.
Sadly——it couldn't be found in the [16 races]
Izuna herself——the Werebeasts' existence, was the most fearsome in that
space.
(This is....The essence of the Eastern Union game...?) It was
hard to see that this was an [Impossible game]. This is the
true face of the Eastern Union game——
After a moment of consternation to restore his calmness, Ino cooled his mind
down.
He didn't dare to carelessly check about Sora and Shiro's heartbeats.
——Both of their heartbeats were steady, so hiding the fact that they got
struck in the forehead by bullets was impossible.
But at the same time, he realised that Izuna's heartbeat was extremely
violent.
As if the sound would get heard throughout the floor and the heart would
suddenly burst out.
[You downed them, Izuna. Its enough, calm your blood down now!] Ino
called out to Izuna with cold sweat dripping down his face.
■ In the game ■
"——fuu!——fuu!..Fuuuuuuuu...." Izuna
couldn't hear Ino's voice.
She however knew that she had taken down both people, even without his
report.
It was not because she saw the two person lying on the ground motionless,
but [Intuition] that discerned that [They were downed].
The move Izuna adopted went beyond the limits of the Werebeasts, forcibly
twisting the laws of physics.
She slowed down her heartbeat, making sure that her heart functioned
normally.
Remembering about the laws of physics, a sudden intense pain struck her
body.
——her body was heavy, even when she desperately tried to adjust the air,
her breathing was not restored.
Her muscles tore, her blood vessels burst, and her nerves melted——
The literal meaning of [Bad], even standing still was laboriously for Izuna.
But that was okay, because this was the price to pay for doing that.
That way——
"...I win, des..."
Izuna painfully spoke while standing up.
Her gaze fell onto the unmoving Sora and Shiro, as she tried to say
something.
——————————————*pa*.
This was too simple.
Too abrupt——
The bullet.....hit Izuna's hand. "...Eh?"
....Don't say it was Izuna——

Even the crowd of spectators.....Ino, Kurami, even Fii.
Everyone cried out in surprise, and looked behind Izuna——
The direction where Izuna got shot from.
In the direction was.....
Clinging onto the back of an NPC(girl), with her eyes closed and a gun held
in her outstreched hand——
".....Sora, Sora, is, is this okay? Can I open my eyes now?"
Steph was there.
Yes, Izuna couldn't notice and escape from the attack even with her [Sixth
sense].
Just like what Sora had said, the development in anything requires
information to be obtained first.
To use that kind of cheat, was in the domain of Magic and unorthodox uses.
The formula Shiro kept writing in the park——was not to defeat Izuna.
But the pattern of the wandering NPCs(girls)——[Wandering Algorithms],
such things were clueless to Izuna.
Which meant——it was to calculate the [Energy(power of love)] used to
attract wandering NPCs(girls). Shiro was calculating the usage of another
plan.
From the start of the battle to the place where they were cornered, the
tactics that they used before the battle against Shiro, was for a tactical
calculation.
Since the start of the game, Shiro's calculation from start to end——
Was to create the formula for this instance.
"...Even with your [Sixth sense], can you think of it?"
The word [Defeat] appeared to notify the end of the game. With
everything over, Shiro and Sora stood up and said:
"The bullet that Shiro shot to deflect Jibril's. The real target Shiro intended to
hit was not you, but——"
"....Below...."
"Clinging onto the NPC(girl)'s back, her eyes closed, the transported——
Steph."
Hearing these words, Izuna widened her eyes in surprise. In
her line of sight, the bullet that was going to hit was hers.
The bullet that headed towards Izuna because of the bounce——was Jibril's.
The reason why the bounce needed to be outside her line of sight, was not to
create a situation where the attack couldn't be dodged——
But to prevent Izuna from realising the target of the bullet.....?
Before the game, Sora gave Steph a [Special curse].
And that was——
"Obey the orders that Shiro writes on the ground, but lose that memory——
bounding this with the Oaths."
Sora gave a wry smile.
"In that state of being clung to the NPC(girl), the orders of [Resupplementing
the power of love after 10 seconds] and [Move the fort] to attack Izuna...That
kind of formula, will even trouble Shiro."
Inducing Steph, allowing her to head towards Izuna unknowingly.
Around that time, Sora was about to fake-shoot Shiro.
They speculated that Izuna would attack at that time, and receive Jibril's
help as well.
Making use of the shot by Jibril that got deflected to Izuna, was all [Within]
the plans.
"Because the NPC(girl) have to carry, so there won't be any footsteps;
because there were no memories, so there were no killing intent;because
she was in a state of being unable to [Control], she wasn't conscious. But
following the Oaths, only the actions were implemented. Steph's existence
was beginning to disappear after the start of the game——allowing Izuna to
get exhausted, and use a negligent moment to shoot...."
Sora stressed [If you could guess it, so be it], before laughing out.
"——not even your [Sixth sense] would know about this right?"
Ino stared at the screen, his heart yelling out.
(Impossible! That sort of thing isn't in the [Plan] anymore! That is——!)
But, as if mocking him in general, Sora raised his mouth.
"[Isn't that predicting the future]——is what you are thinking right? Old
man."
(What——!)
Sora smirked, while Shiro gave a smile too.
"You——~~ were monitoring our heart rates and reporting to Izuna right?"
——I was discovered? No!
It wasn't that simple, indeed, this would explain everything then.
[....I see, so I was used....]
Izuna figured out, just like what Sora had said——
"Yes——there were two ways to achieve the final results."
That was, tactical action and corresponding action.
Every game is dictated by these two unwavering rules.
"We always had the initiative, but that was all. You thought that you were
the initiator, but we controlled your movements——so the results were
[Inevitable], not [Predicting the future]."
"Oh yeah, Shiro."
"....Un."
"Why was [Nii] written as the last variable? Since you had your
consciousness from the beginning to the end, you should've foreseen
this earlier right?"
"....Liar.....I won't be seen through...."
Even if their heartbeats were monitored and they could fake the shot, they
still couldn't fake the psychological changes.
So——Shiro managed to overcome it, pulling it off while being in a relaxed
state.
Confident of not being able to win even if it was a serious battle.
Being trusting so that one's intentions could be seen through.
"....That kind of person...."
Can definitely be the [variable].
From the start where she became sensible, up till today—— The
convenient [Magic number], Shiro only knew of one. "....Aside
from [Nii]...No one else...."
The things Sora couldn't do, Shiro could. So——
vice versa.
Sora smiled and said:
"Yes, we have no obligation to fight [The battle]."
"Humans have their own ways of doing things, the matter of fighting a lion
bare-handed, we'll just give it to the lion."
Part 8
Cheers enveloped the entire floor. On the stage, the people regained
consciousness.
Once Shiro who was holding hands with Sora opened her eyes, she began to
speak.
"....Oh yeah, Nii."
"Un? What's the matter? Little sister."
Perhaps feeling the reluctance to let go, Sora held her hand and said.
——Even in the game, when they were split up, Sora was quite frightened.
"....I deliberately left my jacket....So why...Shoot my underwear....?"
"What? Don't ask these kind of incomprehensible questions, my little sister!?
How could I allow the viewers to see Shiro naked!?"
"That kind of saying, does it mean that it's fine if it's me!"
The one who woke up slightly later was the MVP——Steph who yelled
angrily.
"Okay okay, Dora-chan, there is no doubt that Dora-chan's excellent
performance won us that right? How does it feel to have the fate of Elchea
resting in your hands?"
"Can I be honest? I won't do such a thing anymore!!"
To, to have the ability to control the fate of Imanity in her hands.....
She shouted out that if Sora had not forced her to [Forget the memories], she
wouldn't accept this kind of task.
At this time, Sora and Shiro stood up besides Steph.
"Okay, isn't it time to announce the winner? Old man."
Saying so, Sora urged Ino.
"——winner, Elchea....Complying with the Oaths, the Eastern Union shall
transfer all rights to the continents to the kingdom of Elchea..."
Hearing Ino declare the conditions out with a solemn expression, the
cheers of the crowd increased louder.
——Facing off against the Werebeasts, using one move to increase their
territory size, who wouldn't be satisfied?
But Ino's next words stunned the audience speechless.
"——similarly, in compliance with the Oaths....me, Hatsuse Ino
and....Hatsuse Izuna, our rights will be transferred from the Eastern Union
——Elchea's two kings."
"Un, very good."
Sora nodded, Steph and audience were still stunned.
Yes——they requested for [Everything on the Eastern Union].
Resources, territory——this meant that even their talent and technology
were received.
"As a result, I'll gain most of Eastern Union's technology, and even Izunachan
and every Kemonomimi will belong to me——fuu~ how tiring, hard
work
rewards oneself."
Sora easily and freely said so, before stretching himself. However, Steph was
trembling.
Sora previously said——[Conquer the world, the whole conquest,
everything, leaving nothing behind.]
The meaning behind that sentence represents——
At the same time, Steph caught the figure of Izuna within her line of sight.
"......."
She didn't stand up from the chair, her head was looking downwards.
Seeing her like that, although Ino could only squeeze out something to say,
nevertheless he tried to comfort Izuna and considerately said some words
to her:
"Izuna....You are not responsible.....This was issued by the country, the things
I commanded you to do....."
——finally, Steph understood what Sora had said.
The lowered head, the trembling thin shoulders; she was resting a heavy
responsibility on her shoulders.
——The rights to everything on continental part of Eastern Union, this was
indeed a heavy responsibility.
Losing would result in the loss of many people.....They were all compatriots
to Izuna. For them to lose their families, homes, jobs, forcing them to live on
the streets—— they may even die.
Steph recalled what she had said:
——[How are you going to be responsible!?] ——
How can you afford to bear this burden!
Dozens, maybe even hundreds of thousands of [Lives] were entrusted——to
the sole representative.
Nobody could afford to bear such a huge responsibility.
The one who's looking down on the [King].....Was not Sora. (It
was me....right.)
Steph hung her head down, but Sora suddenly spoke out:
"That's not right, Izuna."
"Eh?"
"——because you played it feeling [Happy], so you don't know what to do
right?"
Both Ino and Izuna suddenly thought:
When Izuna resorted to using [Blood Devastation]—— She
clearly and explicitly said it.
——she said that it was [Interesting]. "...how
could it be, des."
But...
"Because if I lost, many people would suffer, des." Izuna
wouldn't admit this.
"But——this is how it happened, des."
How was she able to admit it——then...
"Why——why am I laughing, des!?"
The memory where Izuna fought in the air flashed past her mind——
At that instant, she clearly felt [Happy].
"That time, if I didn't think of those things, I could've won!? Because of Izuna,
lots of people will die!! This was all because Izuna——felt happy!!"
"I, Izuna, calm down——you are——"
Izuna didn't know what to do and started crying loudly, her weeping voice
silencing the entire floor.
Ino didn't know how to deal with this, so he could only hold onto her
shoulders and try to comfort her.
But——Sora didn't stop. "Rest
assured, Izuna."
He went to the frantic Izuna, and gently spoke out:
"No matter what Izuna did, the winner will always be us."
Sora said, his face full of smiles. Everyone on the entire floor stood frozen.
Doesn't this man have a better method to comfort people——Steph thought
with a defeated expression.
However, Sora knelt down and stroked Izuna's head.
"And also, you seemed to be mistaken——no one will die, no one will suffer
either."
"....Eh?"
"This world is a game; it's just that everyone is incorrect."
That——Sora also said the same kind of words to Jibril and Steph before.
But he has yet to explain the meaning behind that sentence.
"It looks like you don't agree with my sentence, so we'll play a game."
Saying so, Sora made another proposal.
"With no tricks and cheats, a one versus one duel." Revealing a
mischievous smile, Sora said the proposal out.
"If I win, I'll tell you the basis of my claims. If I lose——we'll become friends
okay?"
Part 9
The spectators watched the screen, what reflected from it was the central of
a junction.
Resembling a western movie, a gust of wind blew and lifted up paper.
Everyone's eyes were glued to the screen.
On the screen, there were two figures that faced off.
Imanity's king, Sora.
And representative of the Eastern Union, Izuna.
Shiro, Steph, and Ino were watching the screen that reflected them.
Kurami stared at the screen attentively, her vision shared with Fii.
Then——same as before, a fierce battle was about to begin.
Although the outcome of this match was minor, the thousand-strong
spectators stared intently at the screen.
Sora's proposal to this game was very simple.
They were to duke it out, with their physical strength. —
—impossible to win.
Those that witnessed Izuna's previous red figure, all thought so.
Indeed, Sora and company did defeat her in that state, but it wasn't a duel
from the front.
It relied on resourcefulness, strategy, numerous traps to finally beat her.
Reaction speed and velocity, humans can never win against those red
monsters.
Since everything on the continental part of Eastern Union was seized, even
Izuna and Ino would be included.
Sora had long gained ownership of Izuna.
So the proposal, that was the right [To become friends], it was a euphoric
comfort.
However, at the same time, the spectators were thinking.
This man, this [King], half of Imanity's strongest gamblers——the fraud
master....
Will things simply end as to what he said?
"Then let's begin, using the coin toss, the shooting duel begins once the coin
hits the ground."
"...——"
Izuna's wordless response was seen as an acceptance to Sora.
The high-pitched sound of the coin resounded, flying high up in the sky.
Unable to see his expression, Izuna's black eyes gazed at Sora's face. —
—he was the only character that has won against her.
He single-handedly seized the entirety of the Eastern Union, cornering a
large number of Werebeasts.
He said that [No one would die], to lure herself in. ——the
sound of the coin hitting the floor sounded out.
But....Izuna lowered her head, without any intention of using her gun.
"Wuu....You really chose that side ah."
Sora said this, and slowly pointed the gun at Izuna.
....Indeed, if Izuna lost, Sora would reveal the evidence as to why [No one
would die].
If that was an acceptable reason, then Izuna would be liberated from her
responsibility.
Even if it was an unacceptable reason, she didn't need to become [Friends]
with someone who deceived her.
No matter what people think, these were the conditions that were already
arranged for Izuna to lose.
——that was all.
Losing deliberately, and hear the reason why nobody would die. Just
like that——just like that——
"....Well, can I be honest?" Sora sighed.
His face full of disappointment, Sora placed his finger on the trigger and
pulled it.
"I'm really disappointed in you, Izuna."
————————!
"——Don't underestimate me, des!"
Following the flash, at the same time when Sora's bullet flew out——
Lifting her head, Izuna's eyes stained red.
——[Blood Devastation].
Faster than the speed of the bullet, the actions of the [Beast]——Sora
couldn't see the speed-draw from Izuna.
It was another outrageous act that tore through the laws of physics, but it
could also be said to be a godspeed speed-draw.
Izuna fired a shot seconds later than Sora's, resulting in the collision of the
bullets. This caused them to change their course.
Izuna's second bullet aimed at Sora's head.
After pulling the trigger——she thought:
(——what am I doing, des?)
Why did she want to win?
This was the time to ask Sora [The reason why no one would die], for the
sake of the Werebeasts and Eastern Union.
But——why——
Then, ignoring Izuna's struggle, the bullet skimmed past Sora's cheeks.
"——————eh?"
It was as if——no, without question, she got predicted.
At the same time, the second bullet Sora fired.....
Even with the Werebeasts'——[Blood Devastation], Izuna was only able to
capture the bullet about to hit her chest.
——he predicted that Izuna would fire two shots.
Coordinating with the time when Izuna shot——which means,
coordinating the split second when Izuna's five senses were blocked, he
fired a second round.
Feeling the bullet gradually entering into her chest, Izuna heard Sora's voice.
"Yes, that is fine.....This is Izuna's true feelings."
Falling down, her view changed to the vast sky.
"It is okay if you are worried about the loss of the Eastern Union and the
people who would suffer from it. But the reason why you cried was also very
simple."
Sora then said to Izuna who was still blurry and didn't know how she lost:
"——Its remorseful to lose for the first time, isn't it?"
——————.......
"If you don't feel remorse, then you aren't qualified as a gamer, but...."
"——as such, you felt happy for the first time."
"It was only a [Job] for you to win, finding no value in anything. It was natural
for you to feel disgusted at people who didn't value their lives——Izuna
wasn't wrong at this point."
But——
"....How? Betting everything to have an opponent that you couldn't win
against. How do you feel?"
What flashed past Sora's mind, was a young girl he previously met.
"Facing against such an opponent, how do you yield? How do you win? How
do you beat them down?"
Holding possibilities that were unimaginable by humans, a certain whitehair
ruby-eyes girl.
Recalling the moment when the attack began, Sora smiled with excitement:
"To be conservative——isn't this the [Best] feeling?"
——Perhaps that was correct.
Perhaps that was the kind of impulse that was pushing Izuna onward.
The enemy was someone who defeated her, because of this.....Because of
not wanting to get looked down upon, she must win next time.
That kind of impulse....Must certainly be...
"If you understand this, then we are already friends. Welcome to the
players(our) side, Izuna."
Izuna will certainly feel——
That this was the first time she played a game when she was born.
"Okay, in accordance with the Oaths, I'll tell you the reason, so please lend
me your lovely ears."
Sora knelt down and told her, his voice as if like a mischievous child.
But it was a kind of mischievousness that would make her happy.
However, it also made people doubt if he was actually normal, to have——a
fun prank.
Hearing that [Reason], Izuna felt relieved and closed her eyes, gently smiling
while replying:
"Next time.....I won't lose, des..."
Part 10
Looking at the scene displayed on the screen, everyone remained silent.
The spectators couldn't utter any sound, prompting Steph to murmur out.
"No way...."
The reason speed, physical ability and even the five senses were
overwhelming, but yet he still managed to beat her fairly.
Judging from Izuna's character, she would shoot at his head.
The inhibition of pressure and responsibility, yet she had a fiery hot and
unyielding attitude.
Predicting that she would collide with his bullet, he fired a second shot.
Therefore, when the second bullet was launched——Sora had already fired
his second bullet....an unavoidable bullet.
This was what Sora had said in his speech at the coronation.
Kurami recalled the words she received from Sora back then.
"——humans live with [Experience] and [Study], we can even obtain the
wisdom to [Predict the future].....Right?"
Kurami recited out in a murmur, before turning to leave the floor.
《Eh? Kurami, you can't see?》
(I've already seen what I need to see, the next is——Sora's work.)
——Not believing in humans, yet believing in the possibility of
humans.....Interesting.
"Very well, I'll try to believe."
Tearing off her black veil and tossing it aside, Kurami smiled.
"Fii, after Sora is done tampering with your memories, we will immediately
return——there is too much to be done."
Part 11
Camera OK, capacity OK, steam OK.
"...Confirmed, the amount of steam is sufficient enough...good."
Today I must succeed, Sora then said to the people behind:
"Okay, everyone, don't be shy, you can come in now."
"....Why must we take a bath? Des."
"Because this was the [Ceremony to welcome a new companion] that Master
set out. If Master wants light, then let there be light, we must proudly obey
this."
"Oh, Shiro, you've taken the initiative today, have you overcome your sense
of disgust for baths yet?"
"....Can wash...Izuna's tail....Expectant."
Hearing her voice, yet he couldn't see——no, he can't see.
But after experiencing this sort of thing for a number of times, he had no
desire to back down now.
This was entirely due to Kurami and Fii, allowing him to have a perfect
performance in photography.
"Fuu, from the camera angles to the countermeasures by anti-fogging lenses.
The standing and sitting position, even if it is not as good as Shiro's——there
won't be any death angles!"
Yes, Sora knew that it was fine even if he didn't worry.
Because even if he couldn't pursue the paradise, he could at least confirm the
residue of the paradise!
Steph must be washing Shiro's hair, while Shiro is washing Izuna's tail.
.....Judging from the sound. "I hate bath,
des."
"....I agree....But now...Vetoed."
"After the bath, I want a showdown, no breaching of contract, des."
"....No problem, Nii will...oblige...."
"That's not necessarily right, he is a man that lies more than he breathes!"
"Ahhh, Dora-chan, the one who is bad is the person cheated, this was
recorded in the bible, don't you know?"
"What kind of scamming bible is that."
"That is the observation of Master that I've written down, it will definitely
be the future's bible, so calling this a bible now isn't going overboard."
"How can this be! The observations of these two people, isn't it all about
perverted actions!?"
"......!"
Patience, patience, Sora.
"Anyways, what is Sora-san doing?"
"Whoaaaaaaaaaaa! Yaahhhaaaaaaaaa!!"
What suddenly appeared in front of Sora was——
Strong muscles, and wearing a thong for the elderly——Ino. Sora shrieked.
"Wh, why are you casually polluting this paradise! There is no need for an old
man's naked body!"
OH, GOD...The precise configuration I did for the camera, was it done in by
this old man——
Although it was not possible, unless it recorded it?
If it recorded that stuff in, then the movie will turn into a muscle film.
"Eh? I heard that this was the new welcoming ceremony by Sora-san."
"Men are not needed, not to mention a muscular old man! Why did you
swagger in! Didn't I say this was M18!"
"I did hear that kind of explanation, but I'm 98-years-old this year, way over
80-years old."
"——Eh? Ah, un? Strange?"
Wait——I seemed to have heard something that I can't shake off, eighteenyear-old
virgin Sora.
Although this was huge, I must know the problem—— "I
heard the ethical requirements of Sora from Jibril-san." "Oh,
ohhh."
Please don't lean near me with those oppressive and lean muscles, Sora
shouted in his heart.
He almost couldn't say it out, but he still forced himself to answer.
"No, I heard that Sora-san is 18-years-old."
"Ye, yes."
"Then you should be eligible to come into contact with M18 things."
"Yeah, what's the problem?"
Ino stroke his white beard and thought about it.
"No, I was thinking. If Shiro-san is a problem for the current situation, then if
Shiro-san were to wear clothes, and her eyes are blocked, then Sora-san
does not need to think twice and enter in freely right?"
—————The world stopped rotating.
"Ah, ahaha, ahahahaha....Waittttttt a moment, Hatsuse Ino-dono."
"Yes, what's the matter?"
"I, I can't neglect what you've just said."
"Well, what I wanted to ask was this....Does Sora-san have any impression?"
——quuuu~
A slightly clear sound, went into Sora's ears.
NO, how, this couldn't be.
But he didn't mishear it.
"Th, that Shiro-san, what is the meaning of those astounding words [How
dare you talk to me]?"
Sora couldn't discern their bathing postures.
But, Sora asked towards the area. After a moment of silence——
".....Shiro didn't say anything."
"I'm sorry, Shiro-sensei, I have confidence that that voice belonged to Shiro
right! Could you explain——if you've already found out!?"
"Hahaha....This must be the so-called karma, isn't it."
"Argh~~Say, old man! Because of this battle, I almost didn't notice. Who
allowed you to see my little sister's body huh? Want me to gouge out your
eyes?"
"Ah, please relax, I'm really touched about the ethical requirement of the
prohibition towards looking at under-age bodies. I think Izuna received the
same education too, so I'll close my eyes too."
Grasping onto the situation just by hearing alone?
Damn, this is the trouble with different races!
"....Un, Izuna-chan.....Must not let anyone see.....OK...?"
"?Although I don't really understand, but okay, des!"
"Wait, Shiro-san, please don't change the subject okay, eh? Oi, then won't I be
missing countless numbers of paradise!?"
At this time, Jibril knelt down at the side of Sora.
"Master, please calm down, it is not too late yet."
"Ye, yesh?"
"Yes, since you already know, then this will be simple."
Perhaps she was using magic, Jibril was drawing something with her
fingertips.
"I'll use the elemental particles to clad Master and the unworthy slave which
is me. I'll isolate the sound, and as long as we prevent Shiro-san from facing
here, my body belongs to Master, please feel free to make——"
"...Jibril...Shut up."
Shiro has joint ownership to Jibril together with Sora, so her one word
caused Jibril to shut up.
Shiro then used a sad voice to say to Sora:
"——Nii wants....To cover Shiro's eyes...and do nasty things....besides
Shiro?"
——————....
"Ha ~~~~~ Hahahaha! How could I do something that is bad for my little
sister's education hahahahaha DAMNNNNAhahahahahah The world should
die already ahahahahahah!"
Sora who was finally broken, shouted out in the bathhouse.
"...Say Sora-san."
"What is it? Old man!! If you want to have a go at my rationality then——"
"From today, my everything belongs to Sora-san."
"——yeah, this is not a line I want to hear coming from a muscular elderly
man who wears a thong."
Sora said weakly, feeling goosebumps all over.
However, Ino maintained his smile.
"And Izuna's everything belongs to Sora-san——in this case, can I say
something?"
Ino smiled cheerfully, and in the state where his eyes were closed, he
whispered:
"——what did you say to Izuna that tricked her, you damn bald monkey."
.....Sora whispered to Izuna about the [Method that ensures no one dies].
Of course, there could never be such an easy method.
This fraud master used a [Consolation that didn't exist], to deceive his
granddaughter that was more important than his life. But since his rights
were taken away, he was not allowed to revolt, and could only resist slightly.
But Sora didn't face him, deliberately——
"...You should keep quiet and watch this, old pops. Since you can't do
anything."
He deliberately chose offensive words to provoke him.
Seeing his look, Ino's fist clenched even tighter.
But, the next sentence, infuriated him even further——
"Relax——there is one last surprise, you'll know it when the time comes."
Sora showed an emboldened smile——but it was chilling to Ino.
This man's words, revealed that he had another strategy.
The anger and fear Ino felt, caused him to be speechless...
Chapter 4 - Rule Number 10/Convergence
Method
Part 1
Capital of Elchea - Elchea's King City.
The two Imanity kings were sitting on the throne, busy playing games.
However, there was an additional face present.
"——Why——why can't I win, des!?"
The Kemonomimi girl dressed up in a kimono shouted out while clutching
her black hair——she was Izuna.
What she held in her hands was the DSP that the siblings brought from
another world.
"Hahaha, this is originally from my world. After solving out all the variables
and thoroughly studied the game, we are like TAS players [12]. There is no
way you can beat us that easily~"
".....Izuna-chan, give up....Like this...Much to learn...."
Sora and Shiro laughed. Sora was currently controlling the DSP's left side
while Shiro controlled the right side of the DSP. They were playing using
weird methods.
They'd only brought two consoles from the other world, so they had to make
do with this.
Although it looked to be a handicap, to Shiro and Sora, this reflected their
true abilities as a two-in-one gamer.
"I won't give up, des! One more time, des!"
"Okay okay, keep those challenges coming, right? Shiro."
"...Izuna-chan....Too reliant on eyes....Need....Predict...."
"Oi, Shiro, don't spoil Izuna! You have to master that technique on your
own!"
The throne hall was full of lively sounds, when suddenly someone dashed in,
albeit panicky.
"So, So So So Sora! We've a problem!"
——these few days, Steph painstakingly ran errands everywhere in order to
accommodate the sudden increase of territories due to the Eastern Union.
Steph seemed to be out of breath, but Sora's eyes didn't leave the handheld
console.
"Whoa~ what happened? Steph."
"How could you be so relaxed and carefree? We're getting pushed into a
corner by the Eastern Union!"
Steph was carrying an unusual look——Sora merely smiled and replied:
"During the competition, the Eastern Union withdrew their talent and
technology from the mainland——right?"
"....Nuu, ah....Eh?"
....Sora was spot on.
Steph was stunned because Sora already knew the situation.
Yes——the Eastern Union indeed obliged to the Oaths and handed out
[Everything on their continent].
Just before the beginning of the game, the Eastern Union removed all
technology, equipment and necessities away from their territories,
preventing Imanity who desperately needed these resources for their
survival.
This didn't violate the Oaths, as what Sora requested was [Everything on
their continent], so it wouldn't include those items that were not in the
continent.
Upon seeing Sora laugh while saying this, Steph asked:
"You, you knew all along?"
Sora absently replied, his eyes still glued to the game:
"Yes, or should I say——because I wanted this to happen, I requested
[Everything on their continent]."
"——Wh, what is going on? We can't fully utilise the territories like this."
If this happened, they would have only [Gotten] land.
The Eastern Union's developed facilities for agriculture couldn't be used at
this rate.
In fact, they only required the knowledge from Sora's world, although it
would take time, it shouldn't have any problems.
But taking into account the food crisis Elchea was currently facing, getting
those facilities would be better.
Then, Sora said out these words:
"Don't worry——the game has yet to end."
"Ha, has yet to end....?"
After being close to death, the game hadn't ended yet——?
Depending on the meaning behind that sentence, Steph considered whether
or not to pass out in front of him.
"....Sora-san, may I interrupt?"
At this time, a new face entered the hall.
An old hakama-wearing Werebeast——Hatsuse Ino. "Oh,
it came? I was waiting."
"As if you know what I have."
"Its not as if, I already know it——the letter from the Eastern Union right?"
"Ye, yes....Sent using the express way...."
Sora opened the letter handed to him. It was
written in Imanity language.
Sora merely glanced at the contents, not bothering to even read it.
"Jibril."
"Here!"
Responding to Sora's call, Jibril appeared from the void, kneeling in front of
him.
"Could you space transfer into the capital of the Eastern Union?"
"Yes, I can——how did you know?"
Jibril widened her eyes. Sora did not explain and merely smiled.
"The Eastern Union's sole representative——[Miko] summoned us, so we
need to head there."
Sora casually uttered out. However, both Izuna and Ino reacted to those
words and were stunned.
"Mi, Miko-sama summoned you !?"
"Yeah, what about it? Is it that surprising?"
"Of course it's surprising——"
——[Miko].
This name was known to all. The person who united the countless islands of
Werebeasts tribe to form the Eastern Union.
In just half a century, she successfully rose the ranks of the Werebeasts to
third place in terms of territories. She was truly a living god to the
Werebeasts.
That kind of person——summoned Sora?
However, Jibril laughed and replied with a completely different meaning.
"Of course it is surprising, Master. They cut off their resources and still dare
to [Summon] Master even though the positions are reversed, this is simply
ridiculous. She should just personally come here herself."
Jibril smiled sweetly while saying so, which prompted Izuna and Ino to glare
at her.
To the Werebeasts, she was probably that kind of existence, but Sora——
"No, Jibril. They probably knew we had you, so they [Summoned] us. Which
means——there is an emergency that requires my immediate presence."
Sora said while laughing. Ino hesitated before saying again:
"——you seem to know what is happening."
Sora smiled in reply. Picking up Shiro who was on his lap, Sora stood up and
said:
"Okay, grab onto Jibril, we are moving out! Let's go to paradise on earth
——Kemonomimi land!"
Jibril spread her wings to respond to Sora's words.
"Then——because it is a long-distance space transfer, please don't let go and
fasten your seat belts. Also, if you feel any physical discomfort aside from
Masters, taking off your clothes would stop it. Ah, Masters shouldn't hesitate
too——"
"....Jibril, that's enough, let's go."
With her crystal-like eyes, Jibril read out the knowledge from Sora's tablet.
However, probably because Sora couldn't wait to reach the Kemonomimi
kingdom, he urged Jibril.
"I'm really sorry, Master. Because this is a long distance space transfer, I
need some preparation time."
Jibril calmly said while spreading her wings wide open.
The geometrical aperture significantly picked up speed and rotated while her
wings emitted a faint sheen and began to glow.
The scenery began to shake——then, space gradually became distorted.
"——!"
"This is——ah...!"
Ino and Izuna used their hands to cover their ears.
Humans who were unable to detect magic, would feel the pressure of the
compressing air and start to have breathing difficulties.
As to what the Werebeasts would perceive with their superior five senses,
Sora didn't know.
But as for those people who could control magic——Fii, for example,
something unpleasant would happen——
...Those present would lose consciousness due to the huge amount of
compressed Elemental particles surrounding the air.
Then——Jibril's amber-eyes slightly opened.
Her eyes were looking at a distant place. She then said:
"Okay, the destination is [Capital of the Eastern Union], Miko's home——
[The atrium in the center of the huge building]."
Hearing Jibril's announcement of wanting to [Jump into the center of Miko's
residence], Ino protested——
"Distance is 4527.21km(2813miles), time 0.023 seconds. To both
Werebeasts, this may be a far cry from a comfortable journey, but don't
worry and enjoy it?"
Without a chance to speak out——
The view was cut off, accompanied with the sound of broken glass——
The scenery——was switched.
Part 2
"Ouchhhhh...."
Probably affected by the space transfer, Sora held his sore head and looked
around.
——it was a Japanese garden resembling their previous world's.
Southeast Asian look-a-like architecture surrounded the place, and in the
black sky, pink lights illuminated the buildings. Jibril said they were
jumping into the center of [Miko's home]...But probably because the area
was huge.
The buildings and walls surrounding the area made it hard to see the
town. The numerous high-rise buildings emitted red lights. The trees
blocked the lights, forming contrasting black colours.
"Ah, right, there's a time difference."
Sora realised that it was currently nighttime here.
"——eh?"
Then, there was the sight of Izuna and Ino sprawling on the ground.
Sora and Shiro also held onto their slightly pained heads, before looking
around.
Jibril clasped her hands together in prayer, silently implying to her Master
that [They had arrived].
"....Jibril, what's wrong with Ino and Izuna?"
"As I've said earlier, it will be an uncomfortable journey for them due to
their superior five senses. They probably heard the extremely highfrequency
sound during the space transfer, so that's why they've become
like this."
"....Wuuu, fortunately we are too weak to not feel your race's pains."
Ino held down his ears and painfully stood up.
"Are you insane! There is a limit to how much you can defy the laws of
physics! Damn antique goods! Charging to Miko-sama's sacred home
without informing, how much do you want to look down on people before
you are satisfied?!"
Hearing Ino shout this out, Sora thought : [Is there a need to even ask these
questions?].
"Old man, your true face is showing, calm down a bit, it's only just——"
Sora couldn't stand it and retorted, but then Izuna painfully murmured out.
"...Painful..Want to vomit, des."
"Jibril, how could you not take Izuna into consideration!!! HOW COULD
YOU DO THIS TO THE WORLD'S TREASURE!!!"
"Ahhhh, I'm sorry, Master! I didn't take into consideration from anything
else aside from Master! I'll reflect on this!"
Ignoring that kind of commotion, Shiro and Steph looked and looked around.
"....This is...The Eastern Union?"
"The buildings are quite old for an advanced civilization. The embassy
looked like that , so I thought——"
Listening to their words, Jibril added:
"Miko's home was built 920 years ago, you'll see interesting and high-rise
buildings similar to the embassy if you go out of here. According to the
information I've read from Master's tablet, if this was compared to Masters'
previous world——then this should probably be in the [Early 1900s]."
Sora recalled what he saw.
The first impression he gave to the embassy in Elchea was similar to the
Empire State Building, built after the Year 1930 using the latest buiding
technology."
"...Yet they have advanced to a virtual game level? Darn."
"There is a difference in culture even though it is similar to Master's world."
Sora was troubled and couldn't accept being [Corrected by a fantasy
creature].
"But Jibril, you are aware of this because of the books?"
"That is certainly one of the reasons, but mainly because I frequently flew
over the Eastern Union."
Jibril laughed while saying so. Still holding onto a grudge, Ino shouted to her:
"Isn't that territory infringement!"
"I'm sorry, but please accuse me when you develop aviation technology,
when you've reached the point where you have the rights to claim your
airspace okay? In addition, since the one who called us here is Miko-sama
(laughs), intruding is not law-breaking. Even if violent actions were to be
taken, it can't be implemented due to the [Oaths] right?"
"Oi, you vermin! You implied something else when you pronounced Mikosama!
You better give——"
Everyone started shouting, when suddenly——
".....Ah ha, it seems like you guys are having fun, can I join in too?"
——*ching*
A small, clear sound echoed in the surrounding area, causing everyone to halt
in their movements.
——when did she appear?
Sitting on the railing of a red bridge across the garden pond was a beautiful
blonde girl.
She was wearing red, black and white, standard Miko clothing. A golden
——two-tailed fox.
Basking under the moonlight and the red lights that illuminated the
garden, with long hair and prominent Werebeast ears.
She was like gold——her cold eyes that emitted light reflected the figure of
Sora and Shiro.
"I thank everyone for coming here from the other side of the ocean. I
welcome you here, Elchea's folks——Imanity kings. I'm the owner of this
garden——also known as [Miko], pleased to meet you."
With her hands on her cheeks, [Miko] started chuckling.
This was the sole representative for the Eastern Union——the Werebeasts'
[Queen].
Seeing her figure, Izuna and Ino immediately fell to the ground and bowed.
"Pl, please forgive our rudeness Miko-sama. We allowed them to take away
the territories, gave them our rights and they even offended you. I don't have
any face to see you——"
"So, sorry, des...."
"I, Izuna! Don't use human language, don't you know how to speak the
Werebeast language! You need to watch your——"
"Ah~ Ah~ how cumbersome. Could you please relax a little, this is making
me tired."
Ignoring the respectful attitude of the two, Sora retained his rude attitude.
"Oh~So you are Miko? You're just like a painting. Can I take a picture?" —
—but could a mere camera capture the beauty he was seeing?
Sora regretted about the fact that he didn't bring his SLR camera out.
Steph whispered panickingly to Sora:
"He, hey! She is super VIP of another country! Be polite!"
However, the siblings and Jibril were alarmed at the sight of a kneeling Steph.
"Hm? Why? Shouldn't the caller be the one kneeling instead?"
Shiro and Jibril nodded, expressing their agreement to Sora.
Steph felt the pain caused by the space transfer and started hugging her
head. Miko simply chuckled at the scene in front of her.
"What interesting people....Well, I was the one who called you here, it stands
to reason that I should be the one kowtowing——"
"——but I called you here because of a protest, so I won't kneel, forgive
me?"
"Ara? I don't remember us protesting about something."
——you still have the face to say that.
Ino and Steph wanted to shout out. With a different tone, Miko answered in a
clear voice:
"About this....Then I'll go straight to the point."
Even though she was still smiling while squinting her golden eyes, it
was obvious that there were different meanings behind that smile.
"——really, look what you've done, bald monkeys."
Miko said, her style and atmosphere didn't collapse. Sora revealed a
sarcastic smile.
"Haha, is that so, as expected of the Elves. They took action faster than I
could imagine."
Only Shiro, Sora and Jibril truly understood what Miko had meant.
Izuna——was [Told by Sora].
Ino and Steph looked confused, but Miko ignored them and started sighing
and revealed a bitter smile.

"You should be aware that if our continent is snatched away, the Eastern
Union would be cornered. We'll even die in order to snatch back our
territories, or else the political and economic activities would stop
functioning. But, for us to initiate——is undoubtedly, a bad move, so——"
She didn't finish her words when Sora suddenly laughed and continued for
her:
"As a precaution, you completely moved away key technologies, technical
staffs, important people and resources."
——exactly.
Steph was impressed that Sora deduced it out. As if replying to her gaze,
Sora said:
"Since the opponent requested [Everything on the continent], it was
definitely stupid to not take measures in the form of an [Insurance]."
Miko chuckled, nodding her head before continuing:
"There is no point if the land can't be controlled, and Elchea would need to
challenge us again to obtain and utilise our technology. Following that
would be simple. As long as it falls in my hand, we will be pleased."
——in other words, a game without anyone monitoring, where cheating is
entirely possible.
But.....Miko placed her hand on her cheek and gave a wry smile before
saying:
"But we are certainly pushed into a corner eh."
"——you already know what we intend to do, right?"
"Of course, because I would do the same if I were you."
"Really...You aren't even letting [That time] off."
Miko sighed.
"When we were evacuating the important materials from the mainland, you
contacted the Elves——using the spy to expose our game....Allowing Elven
Gard to [Surround Eastern Union]."
"Sorry, poor people can't afford to slack."
"What——"
Ino was speechless, however, it should be like————[He was too early to
be speechless].
"——having said that, I've already predicted this step!"
This time, Miko stared at Sora and said.
"It should be, I originally thought you were a spy from Elven Gard."
"I also think so, it was more logical to think that way instead of believing
the words that I'm from another world."
"Yes, logical thinking....Bounded by that kind of thinking resulted in our
failure."
Miko showed a wry smile and closed her eyes.
"——if even Avant Heim shows up, we can't go without a fight."
This time Ino was really speechless, as he shifted his gaze.
Jibril was silent while closing her eyes, expressing extreme admiration for
her
master's plan.
Ino swallowed his saliva, in the end——when was the plan set?
No, according to [Miko], who said that it was [From the beginning], then
——
When Sora visited Ino...He had already——
(A person who wants to swallow up the entire world, against someone who
built the third largest country in half a century——)
Ino shuddered at this thought.
——yes, Jibril was a member of the 18 Council members——previously a
political person at Avant Heim.
Even when she became Sora's property and was removed from the
government, she still had her [Influencing power]. As long as he requested
Jibril, conveying words to The Flügel would be easy.
——[The Eastern Union's secret is revealed, if you want information I'll tell
you the method to win].
Next, what the knowledge-seeking Flügels would do——was obvious.
Perhaps unhappy about the fact that she lost, Miko had a bitter smile and
constantly slapped her feet together.
With the sound of the clogs hitting together, the golden fox said with a
piqued tone:
"Elven Gard, Avant Heim and even Elchea.....With so much countries backing
up to lay the fence, and even exposing our secret———winning is evident.....I
can't stand it."
At this time, the sound of the clogs stopped.
She gently kicked up from the parapet of the bridge.
"....So——"
With that one action, the golden girl arrived in front of Sora in an instant.
Her eyes stared into Sora's. She then said:
"The Eastern Union wants——to retaliate against Elchea."
"What——!"
Ino doubted his own ears, while Izuna was lowering her head.
For the Eastern Union to be on the offensive, was unheard of to Ino.
Even so, the opponent was that——Sora and Shiro.
Defeating the Flügel and the Eastern Union. Winning games without relying
on cheats.
Not to mention that they were taking the initiative, the odds of winning
was close to none——
However, Miko's eyes showed that she was aware of that fact, yet she
continued:
"Blocking us from the retreat route is this man! Since our trump card is
revealed, we can't be on the defensive. Furthermore, their methods caused
us to have no choice but to take the initiative, or else we'll run out of time."
"....Even if you did what you did in the past, facing against the Elves and
Flügel——is a dead end."
Sora smirked, causing Miko to smile in low self-esteem.
"To be honest, being hostile with three countries, our only chance of
winning is against Imanity——Elchea."
The smile that contained low self-esteem started fading from her face——
"We've resources and technology to use as bait, in order to take back what's
rightfully ours so that the country can go on surviving. Otherwise, we'll get
cornered, and then demise.....Want me to repeat that?"
"Look at what you've done, bald monkey——don't think we'll die off that
easily!"
Miko glared at Sora, her expression pale and full of killing intent.
——[Even if we die, you'll be the scapegoat]——her atmosphere seemed to
imply.
Then, Ino felt goosebumps.
Facing against the Eastern Union, the world's third largest country, two
ranks higher than humans.
(This man used one step, to force us into a move where we [Can't survive]!?)
——This unbelievable fact caused Ino to feel chills down his spine.
Before the demonic calculation exceeding human resourcefulness, Miko was
releasing killing intent. No matter how disrespectful or rude it seemed——
to Ino, it was a [Death Struggle].
Using half a century to create the world's third largest country, the living
god [Miko].
Her opponents were two humans——but they used just [One step] to utterly
destroy what she had built up over the decades.
Sora faced up against her gaze head on and said:
"Ah, that is it, I still don't get it...."
Those words deflated the balloon-like atmosphere.
"Why would I destroy the world's kemonomimi kingdom!?"
The persons stunned upon hearing these words were Ino, Steph, and also
——Miko.
"The motherland of Kemonomimis!? And a bunch of kemonomimis that are
as cute as Izuna, plus the leader is a beautiful blonde Miko, it definitely is a
cheat race!! Losing the Werebeasts would mean the loss of culture, why
didn't that idiot TET classify your race as protected?! I can't help but suspect
if his brain is functioning properly or not!"
——————
The tension in the air dissipated.
Ino, Steph, and even——Miko froze in place.
"Just because of this reason——okay, you want to retaliate? Okay, I
accept."
Concluding his words, Sora took out——a coin.
"I'm tired of this psychological game we're playing, so we shall solve this
quickly okay?"
The game to play using the coin——was incomprehensible.
"I'll throw the coin and allow you to choose heads or tails, so I'd have to pick
the other side. If I win, Elchea and Eastern Union is to be merged, is that
okay?"
Letting her see both sides of the coin, Sora said.
"The one who wanted to retaliate was me, and the rights to the game belongs
to you......But you want to use a coin toss to determine the outcome."
"Hmmm? Do you refuse to accept it?"
Sora casually laughed, but Miko followed up with a laugh too.
"——no, this can do."
"Spending more than half a century to build a country that got taken away
by two mere bald monkeys, fufu......And the final battle.....Is a coin toss——
hahaha!"
Miko placed her hand on her waist, laughing until she started having
difficulties breathing, her mind thinking:
——this is interesting, since I don't have an escape route anymore.
The opponents were humans, the only race whom they had the chance to win
against.
And the game they picked, was actually.....Coin toss.
No matter what kind of cheats they used, with her Werebeast's five senses,
she could detect it.
Furthermore, she was allowed to choose first, the side that she liked.
——very interesting.
If she lost even with these circumstances. Since no matter what....The Eastern
Union's fate was destruction.
Miko formed a proud smile and said:
"Fine, we'll use that game."
Sora happily looked at her.
As if——watching a comrade.
"Sure enough, you belong to [Our side], I like this."
"My request is——the guarantee to the Werebeasts' rights, autonomy and
the usage of their resources."
The challenger was....Miko, her request must not be too huge, or it'll be
asking for a rejection.
High-risk, low-reward, yet the opponent was willing to accept this.
Miko's judgement was simple.
Request the [Return] of the continental resources, which means getting
back what they lost.
The initiative was with the opponent, so using a chance to cheat——was
very limited.
———but as long as the Werebeasts' rights are guaranteed——
"After the Werebeasts' rights are guaranteed, it is possible to request [Only]
the return of the Werebeasts in the mainland. After that, it will turn into a
chance to take back the resources——as expected of Miko-san, how
deplorable."
Sora smiled and said, saying that Miko's demands [Pass through].
(Everything was seen through by this man!)
"Then——this is the world's most dangerous coin, are you ready to start?"
"You really are interesting.....Can I interrupt your request?"
"That depends on the contents."
"Please swear that you would be kind to Izuna and Ino and everyone else,
since you have our piece."
——indeed, if the Eastern Union and Elchea was to be merged, then the
representative rights of Miko——would automatically transfer to Sora.
After that, [Slavery] and [Oppression].....
It was equivalent to perishing——that was the meaning of the [Race piece]
to be taken away.
Hearing that so, Sora's eyes seems to say that that [Did not pass through].
"————You still don't know? Nevermind, okay————[Acciente]."
"[Acciente]——"
Then, the coin toss that probably held the world's highest risk.
Began——with the sound coming from Sora's hand.
Part 3
The audible sound of the coin being tossed resounded after
leaving Sora's hand.
The golden Miko's pupil and hair——suddenly dyed red. "—
—what....!?"
Nobody on the scene probably knew that Miko's body was originally [Blood
Devastation].
——no, aside from Sora and Shiro who was giving off [Is something strange
going on] looks, everyone was exclaiming out.
(Okay, I'll show you, what my death struggle looks like.)
In the scene where blood was flying, Miko's world was slowed down.
Her body's nerves swelled, exceeding her five, six senses, she could perceive
magic.
——there was a magic reaction, coming out from the Flügel. But
this was not a tingling sensation as from a complex magic. Only
the Flügel let out elemental particles at that moment,
Which meant that no one else was using magic——no one was cheating.
(But, there must be a trick right?)
Miko smiled, her brain causing the world to explode again.
——following that was the sound of pounding.
The increased awareness caused by [Blood Devastation] would incur harm
to herself.
Forcefully breaking the physical limits of the five senses——to capture all
movements within a 500 meter radius.

It was like an——[Enchantment].
The space within a 500 meter radius became Miko's world, where everything
that exists; from a leaf to a grain of sand could be captured. Fully grasping
hold of everything in her head, that was the degree of how far she had gotten.
(There is no magic reaction in the surrounding area——as for the
coin...There is no magic reaction?)
Doubts started surfacing in Miko's heart.
——Miko's five senses could interpret the flow of wind, the dust in the wind,
even the particles could be read.
The turning of the coin did not have any traces of magic on it.
But Miko knew that the [Coin was tossed skillfully], and started calculating.
If the coin is turning in accordance to what Miko was reading out, then——
142 and 3/4 turns, once it reaches the floor, it would bounce 4 times,
returning after 5.2 seconds——stopping on [Tails].
The results of the coin toss was easily determined out, a fact that was quite
unbelievable,
(....He is looking down on my actions and five senses.....Which is impossible.)
After the competition with Izuna, Miko didn't think that this man would
misjudge Werebeasts' five senses.
However, since there was no interference, the coin would stop on [Tails].
If Miko answered [Tails], and it wasn't, then it was definitely a cheat which
Miko did not intend to let go.
However——Sora's heartbeat, Shiro's heartbeat, even the reaction of Jibril's
elemental particles, and——
Even Izuna's heartbeat——they believed that Sora would win, what was
going on?
Before the coin hit the floor, heads or tails?
——don't even have to wait.
"....Tails."
The usage of the exceeded limits and the lifting of the [Blood Devastation]
was almost at the same time.
She was different from Izuna. Instead of the virtual world, she used [Blood
Devastation] in reality. Literally, it was a [Broken Bad blood]————a
strength that sometimes even requires death as a compensation.
If she lost even after using that ability.....
(——it won't be stupid, it would completely be ridiculous.)
The coin drew an arc and began to fall.
——as long as it was tails it would be Miko's win. If it was heads then it
would be a cheat, resulting in Sora's loss.
Following that would be to prove how he cheated. Sora's chance of winning
was zero.
Because of [Blood Devastation], her vision was blurry, but she wouldn't
allow the cheat to pass.
The coin started to turn.
——landing on the stone slate, it would bounce upon hitting it——
——it didn't bounce.
The coin was stuck between two stones——standing still.
......
——————....What?
"Ohhh, is this the meaning of a tie!? What an unexpected result eh!!"
Sora announced. Aside from Ino, Steph and Miko, everyone else——
Including Izuna whose head was lowered, started laughing.
"What a headache, if the coin stood like that, either both sides win or both
side loses, right?"
As if acting, Sora placed a hand on his chin and started thinking. He then said:
"If both sides won——that means the request of both sides would pull
through. Which means, although Elchea's flag would be brought in, the
Werebeasts' rights would be guaranteed, the autonomy would be
maintained, and there would be a mutual flow of resources.....That's about it,
right."
"Elchea and the Eastern Union would be a [Federal state] right?"
At ease——to Sora who proposed an alliance while smiling, Miko was
speechless.
——from the start, Miko understood.
Sora knew that the stone slate would move, so he deliberately stood there.
Then, when the coin was about to fall, the slate——
Was slightly kicked, [Creating a gap], forcing the coin to get stuck in between
the slates.
It was clear——to everyone else————that it was a [Cheat].
Complying with the [Ten Oaths], it would result in a loss when the cheat
was found out.
As long as Miko said that, she would win.
But the question she asked herself, didn't allow her to say it out——
"Yo, you.....Isn't that condition....Better than my request!"
.....Indeed, the [Both sides win] Sora raised out.
Miko would get benefits better than she requested, while Sora's request
was reduced.
No matter how one looked, that kind of cheat, to Miko——to the Eastern
Union, was a more beneficial one.
——Because of this, Miko couldn't point out his cheat.
She had to see what Sora truly wanted——but Sora happily said:
"Ahh~ as the leader of the Eastern Union, both a smart and beautiful girl,
yet you don't listen to people, what does that mean? Do you want to obtain
the properties of a retarded girl and then become god!?"
——don't listen to people?
Unless I missed something?
Miko widened her eyes, reviewing all interactive processes thus far.
Then she immediately realised it.
[The motherland of Kemonomimis!? And a bunch of kemonomimis that are
as cute as Izuna, plus the leader is a beautiful blonde Miko, it definitely is a
cheat race!]
——[Because of that reason]——
"....From the start....?"
"Eh? What are you talking about? Do you want both sides to win? Or both
sides to lose? Which is good?"
Miko was stunned, but Sora was still smiling as he wriggled his body.
(...Really, from the beginning to the end, I was dancing in his palm....That
should be it.)
Muttering in her heart——Miko knew she didn't have any other choices.
The question of [Why], there's probably no one who would ask it. Miko
thought while giving a wry smile.
(That sort of thing...Do you even need to say...)
These people——if they wanted to win....Miko felt that she couldn't win at all.
"....What an eye sore.....Both sides win then."
She said while smiling. The fatigue caused by using [Blood Devastation]]
forced her to sit on a nearby rock.
"Fufu, hahaha, really, this is really interesting! You guys! Hahahaha!"
Miko placed her hand on her waist, supporting her laughter.
What a stupid game.
So many stupid traps, so many underestimating tricks.
These people played with the Eastern Union, with the Werebeasts——and
even me!
Miko could only laugh at that seemingly interesting method.
[Can I trust this man?] All semblance of this thought vanished without a
trace.
Sora's motive from the start was this, this was his real purpose——it was
clear.
That——
(This man didn't even want the Werebeasts' race piece at all.)
What that represents.....There was only one.
This man——really intends to challenge god.
Because of this, she realised.
——the race piece.....is something that can't be taken away—— Like
this——Sora who was full of smiles stretched his body.
"Un~~! Okay, so we'll establish the [Elchea alliance] then, is that okay?"
At this time, Sora gave Miko another surprise, her expression as if she found
a treasure chest:
"About Elven Gard, we used the Oaths to tamper with the memories. So the
information that Elven Gard received about the game content——is all
fabricated."
"Wha————..."
Raising his thumb up, Sora spat his tongue out. There was no expression
more relaxed than his, saying out all these unbelievable things.
"So, if they challenge, you guys will be the predators——and let them come.
Or we can help, don't hesitate to ask for us, we'll definitely win over their
territories!"
——by this time, Steph and Ino finally understood.
Kurami and Fii——why they were there in the first place.
Monitoring the Eastern Union's cheats, giving an illusion as if they were
working for the elves, and then——attack on their weaknesses.
(——the game was calculated——to this point?)
What flashed past Steph's mind was——yes...
Sora said these words before coming here—— [The game has yet to end].
"Ah, and then there is Avant Heim. We only used Jibril's influencing power to
ask them to come here, they don't have any malicious intents at all. However,
the time when Avant Heim joins Elchea is ticking down, you can ignore
them....okay——"
Spitting out a series of incredible things, Sora ignored the shocked crowd.
He then breathed in deeply and said:
"——Okay——! Is is over? We shall end it here okay?"
Sora said anxiously, and Steph replied:
"Wh,what, why do you have a look of restlessness."
This sentence detonated the bomb.
"Huh!? Isn't that obvious? Because of this troublesome thing I had to do!"
Sora revealed his true thoughts.
"I did this so that I could touch the Kemonomimis, I already reached my
limits already! Miko-san!"
"Eh? Hmm? What?"
"Let me start by touching you!"
"...Let me touch——"
Sora and Shiro used their light emitting eyes to look at Miko.
But Miko gave a beautiful smile in response.
"As long as I give the consent, and there is no harm, then you can go ahead
——I jump."
"Wh——what——!?"
"If you had known it earlier, you should have added a [Rights to touch]
condition to the coin toss......For now, if you want to touch me, then you must
fight me one more time!"
MIko smiled while sitting cross-legged on the rocks, causing Sora to ask
anxiously:
"——guuu~uhh~! Jibril, what's the time now?"
"Erm——uhh~ around 8pm at night."
....Can't, there won't be any time to challenge Miko to another game.
"Damn, can't help it! We will make do with the Kemonomimis on the streets.
Shiro!"
"....Golden....Fox.....rub..!"
Shiro stretched her hand out, unable to leave Miko. Sora had to pull her
away.
"Relax, Shiro, we won't give up! We'll definitely come back for the federal
affairs——no, to decide on important things! Miko-san——you better keep
that neck, ears and tails of yours cleaned before we come back!!"
Sora announced while pointing at Miko. Shiro agreed to Sora's words.
Shiro's eyes had a sharp glint, following Sora's forefinger.
".....Prepare....Definitely....Touch you.....!"
After that, Sora picked up Shiro and bolted out, briefly leaving some words
behind:
"Ah, Steph, before we satisfy ourselves and return, we'll leave the country
affairs to you!"
"Eh?"
Sora hurriedly exclaimed and left abruptly. Jibril didn't hesistate to follow
him, causing Steph to chase after Sora panickingly.
"Eh, you are lying right? This is a joke right!? I'm already tired handling our
country affairs, and now there is another federal state affair? Are you really
going to throw all of that to me?! Oi!!" Then——like a
storm, silence enveloped the garden.
Izuna kept glancing at Sora and Shiro's gradually fading figures.
With silence covering the garden and Miko whose calmness was restored, a
ringing sound resounded forward.
"....Hatsuse Ino, Hatsuse Izuna." "Ye, yes!"
"What, des!"
"Izuna, what did I say!"
"Since both parties have accepted the conditions——your rights are also
freed."
——yes, the guarantee to Werebeasts' rights.
Since Sora agreed to the request, both of them didn't belong to Elchea
anymore, but——
"——as the sole representative of the Werebeasts, I order you as [Miko], to
follow those people."
"Roger, des!"
After Miko finished her words, Izuna immediately left using her fastest
speed to chase after Sora.
On the other hand...Ino thought, if they were to be spies?
"Go ahead and learn from those interesting people, learn the [Methods of the
weak], and then...."
Miko smiled happily from the bottom of her heart and said:
"Don't ever let those siblings become our enemy."
——as declared by Sora, they would come back a few days later to settle
the [Federation].
Undoubtedly, they would use that time to use a game to challenge and obtain
the alliance rights.
And undoubtedly——she would lose. Having those kind of thoughts caused
Miko to laugh bitterly.
"This is the first time I thank my opponents. Perhaps they really might——"
Her expression showed that in her lifetime, she had never been this happy.
With her heart jumping for joy, she looked at the figures of Sora and
company with expectant eyes before saying:
"——defeat God."
Part 4
To Sora and Shiro, this was a road that had a sense of nostalgia and an
antique kind of feel.
Red neon lights shone on the street——
"...Sora-san."
"Ahhh!? Old man, are you trying to interfere with our [Road of touch]!"
Slower than Izuna by one step, Ino caught up and immediately found them
touching girls, stunning him speechless.
"...Your actions are really frightening, I suppose you sought consent right?"
"Un? Ah~ I don't know why, but when Izuna said out [Their stroking skills
are super good, des], they instantly allowed us to touch, why is that so?"
Seeing those kemonomimis letting out [Fuahh~~] sounds, Ino thought:
——I know the reason.
Because in the past, there was no one who could satisfy Izuna with their
stroking techniques.
In the Eastern Union embassy, Izuna actually said it was [Comfortable]——
"....No, I'm worried about something."
Telling them that kind of thing would discourage him, so Ino switched back
to the original question.
"Ahh, okay, cut it short, we are in a hurry."
With his hands still unwavering, Sora replied:
"....If Miko-sama didn't agree to the challenge——what would you do?"
——that was the only question that was still unresolved in Ino's heart.
Even when she was cornered, Miko would easily take on the initiative
herself, which Ino thought was unacceptable.
——Go ahead and learn, learn the [Methods of the weak].
Miko's words flashed past his mind.
Ino finally saw it, the [Method that ensures no one dies] Sora told Izuna.
But seeing how Sora prepared to that kind of extent, Ino couldn't help but
doubt.
Unfortunately, he couldn't fully comprehend the true meaning behind
Sora's actions.
But Sora casually answered his questions.
"Until then——I just have to use the final harassment method I've prepared."
That is——
"——I just have to tell Avant Heim and Elven Gard the details to the game."
———hearing these words, Ino's face was frozen.
"I'll use Kurami for Elven Gard, and Jibril for Avant Heim. [Let them do the
mutual snatching], which would definitely cause severe harm to the
Eastern Union. So I wouldn't want to do it."
And——he continued saying:
"...Because I've predicted that step, everything with the showdown with
Miko."
——indeed, if the assumption that Sora was from Elven Gard that Miko
pointed out was true, then it would be the worst case for the Eastern Union.
Before that, if she couldn't get back the territories....then they would really
be cornered.
"I say gramps, do you know what [Checkmate] means?" "Checkmate
and check is different——it means [Certain death]." Then he
started smiling.
"From the first day I saw you, didn't I say that whatever you guys do, would
be useless?"
Ino started recalling that day, that day when Sora betted up the Imanity
piece. "Checkmate——eh."
——yes, everything.
Everything was over starting from that day. (——Mikosama,
you want me to believe in this man?)
Indeed, this man gave a favourable benefit to the Werebeasts.
However, he did this so easily and beautifully.
(Won't that mean....He could betray us that easily too....?)
Ino started having those kinds of doubts, but Sora suddenly had a serious
expression.
He said while stroking the rabbit-eared girl:
"Okay, although I'm reluctant, we have to find a place to stay."
"...Bye....Rabbit-eared.."
The rabbit-eared girl had a sad expression as she left.
"Okay, Izuna-chan, is there any place we can stay for the night?" "....?
My house would do, des."
"..Overnight event....Here we come..."
"There must surely be games at Izuna's house! Of course there is right!"
"Of course, des! We'll have a showdown, des?"
"Of course! We'll play until morning comes and we'll go roam the streets
again! Ah, Izuna-chan, does your country have any electronic games, unless
they even have adult——"
"....Nii...."
"What! It won't be a problem if I secretly played it right!?"
From a distance, Ino and Jibril looked at the three conversing people.
"I, I finally caught up! Yo, you two...Why are the kings not in their country —
—"
Obviously the first to chase, yet abandoned by everyone was Steph. She
breathlessly caught, but Sora——
"Jibril! Bring Steph back to Elchea! And then you can come back!"
"Yes, sir."
Jibril gently held onto Steph's shoulder.
Believing that she was too powerless to resist, Steph paled. "Ah,
bring gramps over too! It would be hard on Steph alone." This
caused Ino to be livid with anger.
"Wh——yo, you have to make me listen to those unpleasant sounds again!?"
"That's not the problem! Oi, eh? You are lying right, joking——"
"Okay then, please let me take you to Elchea King City okay?"
Leaving behind these words, a surge of wind was created due to their
disappearance.
Finally......Sighing, Sora——seemed to be really tired. "....A
little break, should be okay."
"...(nods nods)."
Okay, Sora cheerfully said:
"Then we'll temporarily stay in the kingdom of the Kemonomimis!"
————.....
Steph and Ino who got abandoned at Elchea King City.
....There were so many things to think about that Steph didn't want to think
anymore. Sora's words suddenly appeared.
"No one would die.....This is just a game after all."
Steph previously thought that Sora was insane for saying those words, but
after reflecting, she thought:
He said he wanted to conquer this world.....He said that we did something
wrong.
From the Eastern Union, it was obvious that no one received any harm. —
—unless he really wants to conquer this world without any bloodshed?
Let the whole of Exceed to coexist——and challenge God?
.....The tenth of the [Ten Oaths].
——Everyone should have fun while playing——
"Th, that bonehead——no, that commanding man, next time I see him, he
better be careful!!"
Holding down his ears while rolling on the ground, Ino said. Upon seeing
him, Steph whispered;
"....You'll get used to it soon."
That sentence brought back a lot of memories. Ino
then replied to Steph:
".....We must work hard, Stephanie-san." "...Yea, we
have to endure this, Ino-jii-san."
Now, this place, quietly...A fraternity between Sora's victims gradually
formed....
Epilogue - True End
"——Ha choo!"
"Ara, Kurami, that was a cute sneeze, perhaps someone is talking about
you?"
"...It's only a sneeze, what kind of interpretation is that." ——
Capital of Elven Gard.
With the string of reports finally done, Fii came back.
Kurami then drummed a finger in front of Fii.
The instructions that Sora gave using the Oaths——the false report about the
game content, and the——lifting of it.
"...Amazing, the successful false report, would definitely cause Elven Gard to
lose."
Gently smiling, Kurami walked forward, with Fii following behind.
"Fii, did you predict until this point?"
"Fufu, although unhappy, but I can't~"
The prediction that Sora would allow Elven Gard to lay the fence to surround
the Eastern Union——
"The best use of it must be this.....We perfectly executed it out~"
Fii and Kurami were too twisted to be able to do everything, on the contrary,
they had fun doing it.
Hearing that sentence, Kurami walked in silence.
Fully exposed to Sora's memories and consciousness, Kurami, Shiro and
Miko are the same.
In this world, one of the very few who fully grasped Sora's methods. The
method Sora depicted out that could conquer this world.
The strategies he drew on a map——his name was also engraved on it.
————it is certainly a problem.
But facing that kind of problem, Kurami did not show any anxiety nor
despair.
Seeing that kind of memory and the battle with the Eastern Union, Kurami
thought.
In the battle of the King selection——he grabbed onto her chin, stared into
her eyes and uttered out.
——'Don't underestimate humans.'
She couldn't help but laugh at the irony. She herself said that human species
had their limits.
——yet she herself——was a human.
"If I'm not wrong....I feel Kurami has changed a little."
"It must be the impact of that man's memories, what's the problem?"
"Un~I may never see a crybaby Kurami anymore, makes me feel a little
lonely."
"I didn't cry!!"
But, changing her expression, Fii said with a serious look:
"Kurami, that man——even if you want to become like Sora-san——: "I
know, I don't have his self-confidence——Shiro."
Indeed, although Sora could do lots of things, he didn't have self-confidence if
not for the absolute existence of Shiro.
"But I have Fii, I'll definitely find my way to see you."
The weak shall maintain the identity of the weak to defeat the strong.
Myself as myself, I shall find out the means to exceed my limits. ——
with a body that couldn't fly, find——a method to fly.
Kurami felt a little uneasy, as she turned to face Fii.
"...Are you willing to help me?"
"Of course I'm willing~ as long as it's for Kurami, I won't mind even if the
world is to face against me."
Holding onto Kurami's hand, Fii smiled radiantly.
Kurami nodded and moved forward once again.
"So...We should go, Fii."
"Okay?"
Then——Kurami muttered out:
"Causing an internal collapse in the world's biggest country——that is one
easy way to put it."
For the arduous task Sora conferred, her face was very calm.
Taking on the path with a clear will.
"Very well, I'll show it to you, just you wait——Sora." A
determined look appeared on Kurami's face.
Exceeding humans with the identity of a human, exceeding the [Sixteen
races] ——exceeding even God.
In order to pursue that, both of them walked onwards.










Preface
It was farther than the sea...
So far that it had become unreachable, a part of «fairy tales»—
In a certain place there existed a beautiful princess.
She had beautiful golden hair that even the moon would admire.
Her shining eyes could overshadow stars.
Even the birds would be humbled by her amazing voice.
The fame of her beauty had spread across the seven continents. Men
from all over the world kept coming to propose to the princess.
The princess said:
"Whoever can give me the best present in the world—I shall give my love to
him."
Thus many a man came to propose with dazzling treasures.
Needless to say that there were gold and jewels.
The princess even received hundreds of territories, thousands of castles,
and tens of thousands of slaves.
But the princess wasn't even one bit satisfied.
"I want things that are more beautiful, more valuable."
So there were more men who sent unique treasures to her.
Not to mention unique vows of love in the world.
The princess even received secret treasures unique in the world,
heavenly objects that didn't even have another among gods.
But the princess was still not satisfied.
No matter what degree the beauty, they could not rival the princess'
beauty. No matter what degree the love, they were like granted to the
princess.
No matter what degree the treasure, the princess had already gotten them.
—There were no more treasures in the world that could amaze the
princess. Even so, the princess still said:
"Someone come—is there a treasure that's even more amazing?"
—Things went like this until one day. A prince
came before the princess.
He was different from any man the princess had ever met.
He was young and strong, but dressed poorly. Didn't
seem like he was carrying any treasure too. But the
prince gave a "little treasure", and said:
"I am going to give the princess a treasure that she has absolutely never
seen before."
Upon seeing what the prince gave—the most beautiful treasure in the
world.
The princess could not stop being amazed...
And thus she gave her promise of love to the prince. And
that treasure was——
......
"—That's it! It was 'true love'!"
«She» closed the book in her hands, and screamed.
In this manner, «she», in order to look for her 'true love', entered a long,
long sleep.
Waiting for the day that the man with that 'little treasure' in the fairy tale
would appear.
—Without any consideration for any possible consequences that might
be brought by her actions.
...What «she» had read was really a «fairy tale».
But the story of «her» falling into a deep sleep for the fairy tale, isn't a «fairy
tale».
That's farther than the sea, so far it was 800 years ago—
So silly that any of the Exceed would be laughed at for this—'history'.
Prologue - Easy Start
Part 1
The Werebeasts’ nation –– the Eastern Union. The countryside of Kannagari
City.
There is a building where the former Eastern Union’s ambassador resides
–– Hatsune Izuna’s mansion.
In a wooden room which has architecture resembling a Chashitsu[1], the
smell of incense drifted over the newly laid tatami mats.
The room was so silent, one would think that only unmoving plants
were present within. A single silhouette was seen shivering inside.
“……Shiro, are you awake?”
The figure quietly climbed out of his bed, and whispered to his side.
……No reply.
Only her smooth and steady breathing could be heard next to him.
Confirming what he heard, the figure nodded his head, and snuck into
action.
Despite being in a rush, he was holding his breath, while holding tightly
onto his pillow and not making any sounds.
Then, his hand grabbed the item he had targeted, and at once, he quietly
moved to the corner of the room.
“Nobody on the right, nobody on the left. Other than Shiro, no one else is
present.”
The figure recited these words, and begun his operation. His face began
to emerge through the darkness.
It was a black-eyed and black-haired teenager, who had dark circles under
his eyes which decreased his attractiveness greatly.
He was Sora, 18 years old, and Imanity’s latest King. He was one of the two
rulers of Elchea.
The king carefully investigated his surroundings. He used his left hand to
hold his tablet PC and his right hand to hold a box of facial tissues. He
began his declaration as softly as possible.
“Now is the time –– I can discharge the long accumulated toxins in my
body!”
–– Truly a pervert.
If the citizens were to witness their 『King』 in his current manner, they
would probably sorrowfully cry out with a long “Oh……”
But, please first wait a while.
It has been two months since he and his sister had been summoned to
this foreign world named Disboard, a world where everything was
decided by games.
In that short period of time, not only had he ascended the throne of the
Imanity who were on the verge of destruction, together with his sister, he
had went through several death matches –– subduing those with the ability
to use magic, surpassing various cheats, and recapturing the territory of
the Imanity. Today, they merged their country with so many lands that
they have become the third largest country in the world.
Sora –– during these series of fierce battles with countless women –– not
limiting to the Imanity, but also including the Flügel, Elves, and Werebeasts
–– there had been several times where people were practically naked, be it
in games or during baths. During all these times, he was forced to turn his
head away. He was like a man playing in a sandbox. Within his tablet PC and
smartphones was the residue of these paradises in the form of videos he
had recorded. However, as he is always by his sister’s side, he had never
once had a chance to view these…
So it is to say…
He was never able to vent his urges ––!
For a man in such a situation, would accusing him of being a pervert be
reasonable?
–– Ahh, that’s right. Women, you can despise me for all you want.
But fellow men, you should be able to relate to this!
For an eighteen year old virgin to endure to this very day, just think of his
iron willpower! How can it not bring you to tears?!
That should be awe-inspiring enough, no?
That should be enough to call it –– 『Love』, no?
I need not speak for my sister who is still so young.
In order to protect the several maidens around him, he had to resist all of
his urges ––
Such noble ambitions –– what would it be if not 『Love』?
……Is there anyone out there who can refute this –– No, there is not!
I think there isn’t… probably?
“I don’t care if you’re going to scold me as a pervert, I’m already at my limits
and on the verge of bursting –– No, this is indeed a noble act of the highest
order!!”
With such tragic thoughts in his consciousness, Sora… put his hand to his
crotch…
“Um, Um… Ex-Excuse me…”
“KYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!”
Upon hearing that voice behind him, Sora let out a scream like a girl, so
scared that he fell on the tatami.
A sigh was let out –– there were three people who were responding.
“……Ni……Do it more quietly……”
Getting up and no longer pretending to be asleep, a pure-white haired
sister with red eyes coldly stared on at him –– Shiro.
“Ugh… there are other people right, des? Izuna wants to sleep together,
des.”
Sticking her head out from the side of the ceiling was a black haired
Werebeast girl with animal ears –– Hatsuse Izuna.
“Who dares to offend my master? Can I cut it off? Can I cut off this thief’s
head!?”
Appearing out of thin air with an abstract halo floating on her head was
a Flügel girl –– Jibril.
The owners of these three voices had an air of discontent around them…
Sora, who had fallen on the tatami, could not resist shouting while he
was putting his pants back on.
“Doesn’t this world have any concept of 『privacy』?! I just suffered a
serious violation!!”
Then, when he was in the middle of pulling up his zipper…
“Who～～ are you to say that!? How dare you act like a sage while peeping
on others!”
While Sora was pointing and shouting in their direction, everyone else had
finally realized that something was amiss, and redirected their gazes onto
that person.
Only a figure could be seen. The person sat quietly on the floor, as if the
person had merged with the night sky.
The room was dark and hazy –– but even so, the person gave off an
unnatural sense of lacking a shadow.
“Sigh…”
With light illuminating from her finger tips through magic, Jibril unhappily
tilted her lips to the side.
“I was wondering who was capable of approaching master this closely
while avoiding my notice –– a Dhampir, I see.”
“Dh-Dhampir?”
Upon hearing Jibril’s words, everyone looked towards that figure once
more.
Through the illumination of light, a girl wearing a black dress emerged. It
was as if she was wearing the night sky on her body.
She had short blue hair, and her glowing purple pupils shone brightly
through. Her teeth were white, and on her back were small bat-like wings.
Although she looked to be around 15 or 16 in human age, that would not
be so since she was a Dhampir.
Her appearance matched Sora and Shiro’s impressions of vampires
exactly, as it was completely like what was depicted in a regular vampire
story.
–– 『Those who transcend death (Nosferatu)』, 『The rulers of the undead
(No Life King)』, 『Dominators of the night (Nightwalker)』……
As shown in these countless different names, they were a race that
were greatly feared by humans –– but, as for this girl’s case……
“…… I, I can’t do this anymore…… Please…… Please save me……”
Her face was haggard and she spoke in a weak voice which completely
offset any prior impressions of terror.
“You lot are still the same. Using your illusions to stay hidden ––
surreptitiously sneaking around to hide from place to place, and using
your ability of bright eyes.”
“It’s such a pity…” Jibril then laughed as she sarcastically continued on.
“And I thought your race had finally made good use of your abilities,
but you’ve silently died out without a sound. Such a sorry state you’re
in.”
“J-Jibril… you’re still speaking as sharply as ever.”
Even Sora could not help but find it terrible while he watched her scold
the dying girl.
However, Izuna lightly jumped down from the ceiling without making a
sound, and tilted her head while showing a puzzled expression.
“Izuna heard from grandpa, that the Dhampirs had already died on the
roadside, des.”
“…Eh?”
So Jibril’s bitter words were actually the blatant, unsparing truth.
But Izuna was merely using the wrong choice of words. She meant no ill
will. So that means… the race was supposed to have already perished…?
“…… the Exceed’s…… twelfth ranked race…… the 『Dhampirs』……”
Seeing Sora was at a loss, Shiro stepped in to help.
She crawled out of bed, and began reading out the information she
memorized.
“……The race that…… sucks on the blood of the rest of the Exceed –– for
their souls…… to continue living.”
Shiro continued to speak.
“And with…… the 『Ten Oaths』……”
Shiro let out an exclamation and her mouth twitched slightly.
–– 『Ten Oaths』.
That was what the sole god had set, and these oaths were to be absolutely
obeyed in this world of Disboard.
One of which stated “All murder, war and robbery is forbidden in this
world.”
If these were the vampires that Sora was familiar with, that would mean
that under these oaths…
Attacking others or biting them… would inflict harm on the other party,
and thus a race that needs to win in order to suck others’ blood would…
“Eh? Is that so? So that means the Dhampirs… would not be able to suck
blood without the other party’s consent, right?”
The dying girl did not even need to speak for Sora to know the answer.
…From this, Sora could understand why her face was so haggard. Jibril then
nodded and spoke.
“To add on to what master has said, if a Dhampir sucks the blood of
another…”
“They would turn into a Dhampir… Nothing unusual there.”
As a result, unless the other party wanted to become a Dhampir, it would
be impossible to obtain consent to suck anyone’s blood…
“……Huh? No, that isn’t the case.”
“Eh? That’s weird. It doesn’t always turn out like that?”
“Dhampirs obtain 『soul essence』 from blood and body fluids, and when
drawing these fluids, their own soul would be mixed with the other’s. That
would promote a Dhampir’s growth and enhance their strength, while the
one who gets bitten will have a mixed soul and catch a specific disease.”
So that means…
Jibril smiled and asserted, “It typically does a hundred times more harm
than it does any good.”
“……How can there be such hopeless vampires.”
–– 『Let me offer to you the power to be ageless and the strength of the
night.
』
Being unable to use this as a slogan to persuade others, they were just a
race that would bring about illnesses.
Hearing their helpless situation would make one weep. Sora turned to
face the Dhampir girl, and sighed with nothing to say.
I see… It’s not surprising that they would go extinct with the
implementation of the Ten Oaths.
But then… if that is so… Sora felt rather confused.
……Why haven’t they gone extinct yet?
“Pl…… Please …… I, I’m at the brink of dying…… give me your 『soul
essence』……”
The girl was practically begging. With disorderly breaths and a weak
voice, she sought the help of Sora who was currently in deep thought.
As she spoke, her voice got more hoarse and weak. She was basically about
to die if……
“……No, after hearing that you’d catch some disease after sharing their soul,
only ghosts would agree to that. Are you an idiot? Just die already.”
He said that but… his conscience was not prepared to watch her die in
front of his eyes.
Sora was trying to find a way to save her but…
As he would become a sick virgin, it was particularly difficult for him to
promise her. Sora scratched at his head in great annoyance. Then, all of a
sudden…
“Ah! Master, I didn’t make myself clear. As long as you don’t get bitten, you
will not get the disease.”
……Ehh?
“Although without biting, Dhampirs would not be able to grow from their
soul essence without using their teeth to suck the blood. However, if it is
just to sustain their life… 『direct oral administration』 of the body fluids
would suffice for emergency situations.”
“……You mean?”
“Second to blood, the body fluid where the 『soul essence』 is most
highly concentrated in, and not biting to ingest the fluids, that would be
the…”
……When he heard what Jibril was about to say next, Sora’s next action
was……
“Semen…”
“Miss, are you alright!? I’ll save you right now!! I definitely won’t let you
die!!”
Everyone present at the scene was stunned… –– not to mention Shiro.
Even the vision of the Werebeasts or the Flugel could only catch his after-
image.
–– His attitude changed so quickly that even a blink of an eye would suffice
at describing his speed.
Sora carried the Dhampir girl to the corner of the room, and carefully laid
her down there……
He nodded his head in deep acknowledgement. “Now I
see, you aren’t vampires, you are succubi!” That’s why
they haven’t gone extinct.
Who would let such a wonderful race go extinct ––!
Sora cried out in his heart, and prepared to undo the buttons of his
trousers, but then……
“……What is semen, des?

“…… Ni…… M18 scene…… NG……”
The two children under 18 years old looked towards him, and that would
mean……
–– The 『heart-pounding scene』 had just been force closed.
“…… Ah, not this again.”
Sora looked up to the sky with hope in his eyes, with tears almost about to
fall.
Eighteen-year-old virgin Sora, don’t tell me you’re going to do as usual and
not move any ground forward?
Having to turn my back countless times on these otherworldly paradises,
back to being a man playing in a sandbox…… Don’t tell me it’s really going
to stay like this forever?
(…… No, it can’t!!)
Sora bit his lip tightly.
Whatever the case, you must use this brain of yours to get out of all kinds
of difficulties for your survival!
The moment that I must concentrate all my brain juices to cross over a
heavy obstacle –– isn’t that time upon me right now?!
–– After this thought, he recollected on the events that had happened.
His sister looked on with resolute and cold eyes.
“…… Shiro, please imagine a fully-clothed man drowning in a river.”
“…… Un.”
“Implementing the appropriate CPR, and removing the wet clothes that
would drop his body temperature to a fatal degree, and giving that person
your body heat…… would that be rated M18?”
“……………… It wouldn’t……”
“Right. And why’s that so? Because that is helping another, and saving
that person’s life. It’s the most noble of actions!!”
Sora nodded exaggeratedly in agreement with what he had just said, and
with very sincerely clear eyes, he looked to the girl lying at the corner of the
room –– She seemed so haggard and weak that no words could properly
describe how she looked.
“Indeed, for us humans, it can easily be deemed as irrational, but this is to
save a life… it’s a noble act! Therefore, your brother is forced to abandon
his shame, and entrust my entire self to the cultures of other races in order
to save her life!! And so, can you please turn around and avert your eyes～
～!?”
–– The most perfect and flawless reasoning has been stated! ––
That is, I am starting a rebellion!
“…… since it’s body fluids …… then 『saliva』 would also work……?”
Shiro gently worded her speech, which immediately let his perfect
reasoning (laughs) end its life in less than a second. Sora could not help but
freeze in his place.
Jibril thought for a moment, and smiled with compassion towards the
pitiful race.
“I think there should be no problems with that. Though there would be less
soul essence within, but it should suffice for an emergency situation, I
think?”
“…… Un, allow Shiro to……”
In this way, Shiro walked towards the Dhampir girl lying at her brother’s
feet.
Then, she put her face close to the girl’s face –––
“Wa-Wait a second, Shiro! That…… isn’t quite right! Nii does not agree to
this!”
“…… CPR…… a noble act……”
Sora hurriedly tried to stop her, but Shiro coldly stared as she rebutted
him with his own words.
Sora hurriedly used all his functioning brain cells to think of a valid
argument, but –––
(––– no, shouldn’t a kiss between girls be perfectly fine?)
It is not M18, and it is also in a very healthy zone. To top it off, it is a
genuine act to save a life.
Incidentally, Sora –– in fact had no discrimination towards the yuri genre,
but still……
(––– I just never want to see Shiro do such a thing.)
––– And why is that so?
That question came to his mind in a flash, but Sora shook his head
straight-away.
“No! A French kiss is not good for a child’s education! I veto against this!!”
Sora had yet to think what would happen after his statement, so he
hastily looked to his surroundings.
Izuna looked particularly bored, and Shiro still had her eyes half-open, not
to mention –––
“Ji-Jibril! Your body fluids –––”
Izuna was still young, and Shiro was a no-go, and it was greatly
regrettable that Steph was not present at this moment……
“Under master’s command, I dare not to disobey –– even though freely
bloodsucking mosquitoes are still above this pathetic race by a few points,
but to kiss –– though since you wish to save her life, master, I don’t really
recommend doing it this way.”
Her chillingly poisonous tongue made even Sora a little scared, but Jibril
still continued speaking.
“If I were to give her my body fluids, she would likely evaporate, as the
difference in the quality and concentration of our soul essences is too
large.”
––High in their position was the mighty sixth ranked race of the Exceed.
This race of Flugel-sama is just so…… hax, totally hax!
“…… then…… let Shiro……”
Shiro used a finger to lift her hair, and inched her face towards the girl –––
“––––––––––Oh, oh right～～! There’s also ‘sweat’, right!!”
Sora’s brain was on the verge of boiling. He spoke the ‘alternative’ he just
thought of with no hesitation.
“Sw-Sweat is also considered a body fluid! Right? Jibril!?”

“…… It’s hard to say… Sweat contains the most minimal amount of soul
essence……”
“N-N-N-No other choice! We’ve got to at least give it a try!”
Before Sora could leap into action……
Shiro slowly took off her sock, and extended her foot towards the Dhampir
girl’s eyes.
“……kneel on the floor…… and lick.”
Imanity’s queen, Shiro.
–– She smiled a sadistic smile unbefitting of a queen.
“Oh my sister, although I had long realized how you hide away your S
tendencies, but for you to do so without any hesitation… your brother
does feel rather shocked……”
Sora’s cheek twitched, and he dejectedly collapsed onto the ground.
However, at the other side, the Dhampir girl, who looked almost like a
corpse, suddenly moved.
She sniffed a few times, and her eyes suddenly widened while she jumped
up.
Awaiting the right time to pounce from her position, she popped Shiro’s
foot into her mouth……
“–– This! What is this! What a delicious taste, so delicious!!”
…… Everyone who was watching the scene looked on with a cold gaze,
thinking:
–– the Exceed’s twelfth ranked race, the 『Dhampir』…
Although it was far from the sixth ranked Flugel and the seventh ranked
Elves, it was still ranked above the fourteenth ranked Werebeasts.
But, she was kneeling on the floor before a sixteenth ranked girl and –––
endlessly praising the taste of her foot.
“Does that sound right……?”
–– Indeed, this is not M18.
But yet for some reason, it feels like something is very wrong.
The Dhampir girl looked like she was a character in a comic book, tasting
the most gourmets of cuisine and with flowers filling the background as she
wildly licked his sister’s foot while endlessly praising it for being delicious.
“…… Jibril, are Dhampirs perverts?”
Sora directed his question to Jibril, as if his consciousness had just
ascended Mt. Everest
“Yup…… but since it is master’s soul essence, wouldn’t it naturally be
delicious?”
“––Eh? Why?”
“That, of course, is because master is…… tough, strong, and an extremely
rare, unique and noble soul that any common person who searches the
entire world for such a presence will still never meet it.”
Upon hearing Jibril’s comments, Izuna, who was originally forced to watch
from the side, vigorously nodded her head in agreement.
“……Sora and Shiro’s soul essence……does not have a contaminated taste. I
do not dislike it, des.”
However, Sora responded their remarks with a weary sigh.
“…… am I becoming delusional? I always get the feeling that people are
looping the words ‘stubborn’, ‘only concerned for his own good’, ‘an
abruptly changing character’, ‘withdrawn’, and not to mention ‘a virgin’!”
“None of that sort ––– doesn’t that just show that you possess
『unknown soul essence』? There is not a thing that can compare to the
greatness of that…… honestly speaking, I also want to try a taste of it,
fuhuhu～”
“………………Sora, Sora……Can I have a bite to try, des?”
The two looked up expectantly at Sora at the same time, with a stream of
saliva dripping from each of their mouths.
“I say, is there not a normal person in this room?”
“…… is Nii qualified…… to say that?”
––– the people with common sense (Stephanie) who were not present at
Izuna’s house, were being quietly ridiculed by Shiro’s words.
––––––…………
With her strength restoring and her skin starting to become shinier,
the Dhampir girl spoke.
“Huu…… It really was very tasty…… thank you for the meal.”
“…… ugggh…… it’s wet…… need to wash it…… uggghh…… baths are
so troublesome……”
Compared to the girl with an absent-minded expression on her face and her
hands clasped together, Shiro was filled with regret…… but first, leaving
that aside…
As he could finally begin to question her, Sora looked toward the girl.
“––– we’ve been at this for so long and we still don’t know who the heck you
are?”
“Ah, I was late in introducing myself. My name is Plum, and as you can see, I
am a Dhampir.”
Sitting in an upright posture on her knees, the girl –– Plum ––
continued speaking with a stern expression.
“I have something to, ugh…… request of you today.”
She stuttered while taking out a thing that looked like a cheat sheet.
“Ahem!” She cleared her throat.
Then she slowly bent her three fingers as if drawing a bow, and read
her script in a clumsy tone.
“P-Please forgive me for my laughable appearance in our first meeting……
the ones who joined with the Flugel and the Eastern Union, Elchea’s king
and queen, Your Majesties Sora and Shiro ––– please save my race!”
……Having heard her words, Sora seemed to understand everything.
“Aaaahhh, being able to replace blood with semen but requiring the
other’s consent to proceed ––– and now coming to us for help.”
The conditions to the entire scenario were like that of a fantasy.
––– And so? Is this fantasy upon us now?
Sora immediately gave his judgement, and a hearty smile appeared on his
face……
“The conditions are that you have to move to an H-game (somewhere else).
Bye. Be careful on your way back.”
“How did this even happen, aaaaahhhhh!? Wait a minute youuuuu!!”
…… Needless to say, the M18 scenario was immediately rejected.
Part 2
––– Long after the inter-racial war.
Sora brought up his grand plan to 『overturn the entire world』.
Within their world were very many races, which held a myriad of
problems just from their different histories, ideologies and cultures.
Yet, Sora wanted to break all the boundaries between races. She began to
realize how undoubtedly ridiculous his plot was.
And that was to produce 『a single country of many races』.
In a world where everything is decided by games, it is possible to achieve it
in theory.
But it is still only a theory at the end of the day.
“…… is it really okay to give it to them?”
As she thought about the two siblings who were planning to bring the
races together and obtain all their race pieces in order to challenge the
One True God, her mouth slanted to a side.
With that ridiculous dream of obtaining a 『piece』 in mind, would they
really be able to escape from this 『chess board』?
Would they really be able to fulfil every one of those conditions……?
The girl who was deep in thought had animal ears of a fox and long hair,
as well as two flitting gold tails.
She was the Eastern Union and the Werebeasts’ sole representative,
『Miko』.
Within the courtyard of her shrine, she was standing on a small red bridge
that was built across a pond. As she looked across the railing to the
reflection of the moon on the water, she was engrossed in thought.
There are far too many obstacles.
Breaking the boundaries between races was a difficult situation even
when it was just between two races ––– the Imanity and the Werebeasts.
Even if all their citizens were from the same race, in order to unite
them towards the same goal, it was as impossible as ascending past the
stars.
There existed countless werebeast tribes, and they had previously been in
civil strife for over thousands of years.
It was 『Miko』, who bet her everything and even forgot her own real
name, in order to finally unite the entire Eastern Union.
…… But because she had done this, she knew very deeply how long and
difficult that such a road would be.
In addition, containing sixteen different races within a single country
definitely cannot be achieved through normal means.
But if it were possible, then, by those two, it would have already been……
“Well whatever, I’ll look into it once more… hahaha.”
––– In the past, even she had found the dream of uniting the werebeasts to
be so ridiculously high and unobtainable, but she still managed to achieve it
in the end.
Compared to myself in the past, they might actually be a little more
conservative? 『Miko』 deprecated herself in that very thought, while
she poured wine into her glass.
“We’re playing together peacefully…… are we not?”
Miko recited the 『Ten Oaths』 while taking a sip of her wine.
––– In the past, when she had issued challenges, she had pretty much
given up on her dream.
Now 『those two』, who were brimming with confidence, were already
speaking of how they would follow-up after their dream had been
achieved
––– which was an even more distant future than what was impending on
them
––– but in contrast, she had already given up on this new chapter.
But…
“If they’re looking towards god when there are only flowers before
them, they are most likely to stumble over a stone on the way.”
Anyone can dream big.
But if they wish to talk about their dream, they must be qualified to do so.
When they finally show all the cards in their hand to the public, while
displaying that they are fully qualified, and do all this in time……
『Miko』 raised her hand towards the sky, and something began shining in
her palm…… The 『race piece of the Werebeasts』 had appeared.
That was what the One True God had allocated when he set the rules of
the world.
Along with the implementation of the 『Ten Oaths』, he had given each
race a
chess piece.
Only the sole representative of each of the Exceed had the power to make it
appear. It shone brilliantly, as if it was woven from light itself.
––– She finally realized the true meaning of these pieces.
Miko placed her empty wine cup on the railing of the bridge, and played
with the pawn with her fingers. She looked up hopefully towards the sky.
––– In her heart, she looked forward to 『the moment』 that would arrive
in the near future.
Chapter 1 - Encounter/lıʌǝ ǝɥ⊥
Part 1
Kingdom of Elchea.
It was located on the western part of the continent of Andalusia, and the
last country of Imanity, who were the sixteenth-ranked of the Exceed.
After their battle with the Eastern Union less than half a month ago, [the
king and queen] i.e. Sora and Shiro won their matches and restored their
territory to double its previous size.
……Following which, the problems of the country also doubled.
There were two major issues.
The first was the idea of forming a federation with the Eastern Unions that
[the king and queen] i.e. Sora and Shiro had proposed.
Establishing a country across the racial barriers was simply unheard of,
and thus a huge problem.
Even though they had regained a portion of their territory, Elchea still
lacked the technology to properly utilize these lands.
The other problem was that, while the Eastern Union had lost its
mainland territories, its national strength still remained one of the top in
the world.
…… their national strength, currency, not to mention social structures,
ethnicity and language were totally different, yet they were expected to
have equal access to resources.
Since it is such an obviously difficult situation, I believe there isn’t any need to
further elaborate.
This was the first time in history that Imanity was faced with such
an impossible task.
And the second problem was……
“Really……”
Looking at the cards in her hand, the red haired girl breathed a long sigh.
Stephanie Dora.
Usually abbreviated as Steph.
She was a member of the previous royal family ––– a girl whose disposition
was totally contrasting with what a previous king’s granddaughter should
be. Even though she was harshly lacking in sleep and severely fatigued, her
usually beautiful face …… was now filled with a scowl and she was emitting
a dangerous aura.
The reason was the [second problem].
And that was……
“At such an important time, when the heck do those two bastards intend
to come back ～～!?”
––– King City of Elchea, main conference room.
Her rant resounded through the entire conference room and it
shocked everyone present.
“……Dora-kou[2], I understand how you feel… but it isn’t very good for a
lady to say the word ‘bastard’, right?”
The one who spoke to advise Steph was standing by her side. He was a
mostly white figure, who looked older than any normal elderly man.
His face was mostly similar to Steph’s, as it was filled with a bitter
expression.
His dog ears and tail were slightly drooping. Although he was draped in
a kimono, his robust physique was still unmistakable. He was one of the
Werebeasts, Hatsuse Ino.
He was the grandfather of the former Eastern Union ambassador (Hatsuse
Izuna). The currently absent king and queen (Sora and Shiro) had forced
him to handle the problems of the country…… another victim following
Steph.
“Dora-kou……? Eh? Were you talking to me?”
Steph lagged in responding. Ino nodded his head.
“Yes. As this is a formal occasion, I should use my better judgment and use
this suffix. Is there a problem?”
“And I was wondering who you were referring to…… please address me as
[the errand girl of the king and queen] instead.”
Seeing Steph’s smile of low self-esteem, Ino shrugged his shoulders.
“I’m afraid that if I were to address you so impolitely, others would also
address me in a similar manner…… Back to the topic though, Dora-kou,
shouldn’t you be putting your focus onto the things at hand?”
Following Ino’s line of sight, Steph began to remember the present
situation…… she then began to speak inwardly to herself.
“Sigh…… Well said……”
Just tell yourself that you’re just going through an important game right now.
The game was not anything particularly special, as it was just normal poker.
Other than the fact that Jokers were included in this game, it was just a
regular game of poker.
–– Elchea had established a federation with the Eastern Union, with the
former as the leader.
With Elchea’s territory doubled, there was still the matter of who it should
be distributed to and what it should be used to do…
The powerful feudal lords were the ones who were reaping tremendous
benefits.
From the current situation, the so-called [equal and multi-racial country]
was just an illusion.
No matter how complex the system, the massive gap between the two
nation’s strength could not be offset.
The day a free market economy is implemented, Elchea would probably be
totally and utterly trashed.
Thus, they were trying to allocate the [continental resources] that the
Eastern Union had requested for.
Although it is relevant to say that such is simply Elchea’s fate.
–––– It is inevitable that whoever has the power to do so will clump
together to try to maximize their benefits during these times.
For these reasons, there was a constant stream of Elchea’s feudal lords
challenging Steph, who currently held legislative power, to a game with
the intention of fulfilling their demands.
The result was… Steph could not sleep properly for the past two weeks, and
was forced to continue playing games against them.
(Getting challenged to a game is such a good thing… yeah.)
Steph muttered in her heart, because… it was a trap.
Everything is moving smoothly as planned…
That’s right…… all is good except for the 『volume』 that I’m up against.
“『All in』––– please hurry up and strip off your clothes?”
…… what happened to her lady manners?
Because she was immensely fatigued, deep dark circles emerged under
her eyes, and rage had distorted her expression––– it was simply…
Her face gave reminiscence to their fear of the 『king』. The feudal
lords looked to each other.
Then they selected 『fold』 ––– which means that they were now forced
to obey Steph’s proposal.
However ––– Steph used her loud voice to render them speechless. She
kicked aside her chair and stood up.
“…… Since you were willing to accept my proposal from the beginning, why
did you make me waste all my time!?”
She threw the cards on the table and spread them. Her hand was……
––– Five of a kind.[3]
Even if they had not folded, it would have the same result. Everyone was
eliminated at one go. Looking at that hand of cards, the feudal lords
turned pale.
But Steph chose to ignore them, and turned to walk away. “If you don’t win
everything, you lose everything (all or nothing)! Please only return once all
your hopes are shattered, okay!?”
Following which, Hatsuse Ino took over from Steph, and smiled pleasantly
at them.
“Then, as ‘pledged to the Oaths’ earlier, I will now eliminate your
memories. Sorry about that.”
Part 2
–– To put it bluntly, it was a ‘conflict of interests’.
Managing the recovered territories properly would profitably contribute to
the countries in the alliance.
Even if we’re unwilling to hand them over, we still have to let our
territories be managed by somebody. Naturally, benefits would be
reaped if there is a successful outcome.
–––– Or rather, we cannot do it any other way, so this is for the best after all.
The problem lay within the fact that the nobles would move against
the original proposition of whose land is whose.
Thinking further, those were the territories that the former king ––
Steph’s deceased grandfather –– had lost in his gambles.
Since he had bet with them on his own volition, there would certainly
have been some of the opposition that was left dissatisfied.
But…… if that was the case, why hadn’t they used a game to stop the former
king back then?
“How irresponsible of them! Whenever they lose out, they’ll cry that it’s the
king’s fault! But once Sora and Shiro take the territories back, they’d rush to
seize a slice for themselves…… Do these nobles not have an ounce of shame
in them!?”
“Aristocracy is such a system. Wouldn’t anyone turn out like that after
being like that for so long?”
Steph unhappily walked through a corridor in Elchea City. Behind her
was Ino, who was smiling while he spoke.
The problem isn’t that they are aristocrats.
No matter how corrupt they are, they are still rulers with excellent
knowledge on how to operate and manage territory.
As long as they have the heart and capabilities to do so, entrusting the
territories to them to manage was unavoidable ––– that was what Steph
was thinking.
The problem was……
“Just think of the nobles who were protesting earlier… each one of them
practically had the words 『I’m only here to gain profit. Don’t throw any
trouble my way』. AHHHHH……!!”
–––– And those who deliberately act that way are all feudal lords who hold
power that is impossible to overlook.
If it is not managed well, a power struggle may result…… And once a revolt
has been instigated, it would give them an excuse to interfere in national
affairs.
At that time…
“Wouldn’t that be easy…… easy to deal with, that is.”
The one who had come up with that plan was walking behind Steph with
a sinister smile on his face ––– Hatsuse Ino.
When Sora and Shiro were absent, the one left in charge of national affairs
was the former king’s granddaughter (Steph)…… Such a rumor was spread
on purpose.
Subsequently, this situation brought about a great opportunity. The
challengers earlier, who were pursuing their own interests, had lost and
were punished in accordance to the oaths. They had promised to [lose all
their memories during the game], and to put it flatly, it was a [clean
sweep].
As a result, the policies and beneficial punishment implemented by
Steph were able to proceed smoothly with no resistance.
It was very effective, and had Ino’s style embedded in the plan ––– which
was a style developed by the multi-tribal Eastern Union to make others
fall into their trap.
However, once they thought about the reason the plan was proceeding
smoothly and how frequently it worked……
“Just how much do they look down on me!? They practically treat me like I
am an idiot!”
–––– It was easy to see that those people looked down on her and her
grandfather.
“Alright, alright now. Dora-kou…… thanks to this, everything could proceed
smoothly. That is the truth. We should instead be welcoming these ignorant
peoples’ contempt ––– and smile while we make use of them, no?”
“––– Ino-san, can you please not address me like that… Just Steph is fine.”
––– Steph was the head of the Dora family, which was the former royal
family. Naturally, that means her title is [Duchess].
Nevertheless, Steph continued speaking with a weary face.
“I’m just an errand girl. Call me that which doesn’t sound like the position
of any person with honor……”
“But, when Sora-dono and Shiro-dono are absent, Stephanie-dono is
essentially the representative of the royal family –––– so if we were to say
you are the prime minister, then doesn’t that give you the status of the
noblest person in Elchea?”
Ino continued speaking with his actor-like tone.
“–––– Duchess Dora is the prime minister of Elchea, Imanity’s last
remaining country, and the former king’s granddaughter. She delivered
such a large-scale and unprecedented plan to construct a multi-racial
country that merged with the Eastern Union under Elchea’s leadership.
Truly a beautiful, young and talented woman……! How would such a
person be addressed?”
–––– Who would that be?
Steph looked up blankly to the ceiling.
“The female protagonist of this heroic story is actually just an errand girl.
The rich ironic twist to this story isn’t half bad, eh.”
Steph followed up by saying, “Do you intend to write the story and publish
it?” Upon hearing this, Ino smiled wryly and proceeded to change the
topic.
“But, within these two weeks, Steph did not even lose a single time. That
is truly a great feat to accomplish.”
“That’s only because the opponents were weaklings.”
While Ino had given a sincere compliment, he was immediately shot down
in a sentence. Steph wrinkled her brow.
“Those guys are just some foolish idiots with crude ways of cheating. If the
opponent was Sora or Shiro, I’ll definitely be ridiculed to their best
abilities, and then taken advantage of…… Surely I needn’t say more.”
“Well, that is indeed true……”
Nonetheless, Ino thought to himself.
Initially, Steph relied on Ino’s assistance as a Werebeast to accelerate her
five senses.
But Steph continued her winning streak ––– and now, Ino was only
escorting her around.
Although this girl greatly underestimated her own strength…… the fact is
that she is indeed –– very strong.
In comparison with 『those two (Sora and Shiro)』, they are simply too
strong to speak of.
As for normal Imanity, very few would be able to beat her skill.
Steph had no idea what Ino was thinking about, and continued complaining.
“And they totally didn’t realize I was cheating. Was it those feudal lords
true motive simply to make me suffer from lack of sleep and die of
fatigue!?”
“…… Stephanie-dono, you’re starting to sound more and more like Sora
and the like.”
––– Wham!
Steph stomped on the floor, and stopped walking.
“––– What did you just say?”
Her body was motionless while she turned her head, and emitted a sound
like her bones were vibrating.
“Did you just say…… I’m similar to that loose king who’s playing around in
the Eastern Union!?”
“Pl-Please calm down! I only meant that your style of gameplay is very
similar!”
––– The ways Steph had adopted to win…
They were to calculate the opening attack, hide her cards, swap her
cards, and shuffling skills…
Then to see through the opponent’s cheat and use it against him, and even
to bluff and mind-game[4] the opponent.
Those tactics were all learnt from ––– challenging Sora and Shiro, after
having failed time and time again.
The fact was that Steph was initially so afraid that if she were to lose, she
would make the implementation of a federation even harder. Thus, she was 
so nervous that she was able to realize what Sora and Shiro would do in
such a situation while in her games.
However, her lack of sleep coupled with the fact that those two had yet to
come back had ignited a flame within her, thus easing all her nerves.
Eventually, Steph began to unconsciously play as if she was playing
against Sora and Shiro in her games.
However, the opponent was too weak and practically just trash. Steph
could not tolerate herself thinking of those people as Sora and Shiro for
even a second.
––– She and her grandfather…
–––––– were being looked down upon by such trash.
––––––––– That fact made it ––– even harder to tolerate –––––– “Ah.”
Suddenly, Steph looked as if she had suddenly been enlightened. Her
expression changed completely.
“Aahh, that’s right. The nobles are just trying to get in the way of the
establishment of a federation. That’s why it’s been so difficult.”
“St-Stephanie-dono?”
Seeing her change into a different person, Ino uneasily called out to her.
But, she did not seem to hear a thing…… rather, she seemed to be looking at
something that was not there.
Steph’s eyes suddenly lit up with brilliance and excitement. She happily
turned on the spot.
“––– Ino-san, regardless of whether we’re approached by nobles,
merchants or guilds, let’s win away all their possessions, and force them to
step down from their positions with nothing left on them. Everything can
just be managed by the government instead!? If we’re short on manpower,
we’ll just grab some of the citizens and appoint them as officials. If anyone
dares to do anything corrupt, we’ll just force them to spit out their guts till
they’re nothing but bones. If they continue to be rotten, we’ll just arrest
them and get all of them deported. This way, we can make the treasury rich,
and negotiations for laws and policies can just be decided by ourselves. All
our problems would be solved, right? I’m such a genius! I, I’m not an
idiot…… Not an idiot～～
～～～～!!”
––– And then she collapsed.
“St-Stephanie-dono, please get ahold of yourself! Such is an act of
abolishment ––– an act of terrorism!!”
Steph was shouting while crying and smiling. She then hit a wall with
her forehead.
All of a sudden, she felt something move… as she looked to the moving
sight…… in front of her was –––
––– Sora was there.
“Aaaaahhhh……!”
Where had you run off to slack around at?
He threw all the preparatory work to me, and went off to have fun by
himself.
Although there were many feelings in her heart, what she was feeling most
was so much joy that she was blushing because of the fact that Sora was
right there.
She had no way of hiding the joy in her chest, and many complex
feelings started swelling up……
“So-Sora! You’re back–––– HIGII––!?”
Steph was rushing forward, but her face hit a pole and her nose started
bleeding while she made strange wailing sounds.
Her body laid on the floor like a stick figure[5], and she stared at the
ceiling above her…… then, she suddenly realized…
The ‘Sora’ that she saw was……
Was a reflection of something in the shiny polished marble column –––––
[her own face].
Upon realizing this, Steph mustered a single sentence while in pain…
“……………………… I can’t go on any longer.”
“Stephanie-dono, you should get some sleep. No, I should say, please, you
must get some sleep. I beg of you.”
Ino propped up Steph who was lying paralyzed on the floor while he
continued speaking.
“…… Do not worry. Sora-dono and Shiro-dono are… indeed two people who
are difficult to understand.”
He put in his best effort to think optimistically about the siblings who
were impossible for anyone to comprehend.
“But since they are stranded in the Eastern Union, they are probably
arbitrating upon certain conditions with Miko-sama…… probably?”
While the federation was established with Elchea as its leader, it was still
not enough to rely only on Elchea’s efforts.
“I also think that that’s where they are…… they definitely should be
progressing through a [summit].”
––– Maybe it was like that.
The actions of Sora and Shiro were always never on track.
However, their actions –––– had always played a huge role in Elchea.
That was the truth.
And so they should put their faith in them –––– but ––––
“…… Who knows? Judging from the way that those two usually speak and
act, they’re sure to confuse public and private matters, ah……”
Indeed, the fact was that their actions were always in line with their own
desires.
Looking in the direction of the Eastern Union, Steph complained angrily.
“…… In any case, they’re definitely fooling around with the Kemonomimi
girls right now, holing up in a room engrossed in their games, or doing
something that any human being would deem incorrigible.”
…… Ino had no way of denying that statement.
Part 3
–––– Now changing location. The Eastern Union’s capital, Kannagari. Similar
to Elchea’s King City, the representative of the Werebeasts lives in Miko’s
Shrine[6]. The courtyard of the central edifice. It was filled with a lavish
natural landscape, and where there were gaps, it was painted with either
red or black. One cannot help but think that it is a Japanese garden.
This area was normally prohibited to unrelated people and the like.
However, at that moment, there was a mass of people gathered next to the
sacred pond.
“…… Miko-sama, what is love?”
“……Tell us, Miko-sama……” The one who was asking these questions
seriously had a head of black hair and black eyes. He was a teenager who
wore a shirt with 『I ♥ Imanity』 on it. Sitting on his lap was a girl with
white hair and red eyes.
They were the king and queen of Elchea –––– the sole representatives of
Imanity, Sora and Shiro.
The truth behind the crowd was that those two were petting several
species of Werebeasts ––– Kemonomimi girls ––– while making delicate
and charming sounds. In addition, there was a long queue of Kemonomimi
girls looking on with faces that were bursting with envy.
“…… What should I say? Even though there’s so much to say……”
Speaking with a voice that sounded like wind chimes was a woman who
was sitting on the opposite side of the game board.
No one knew her real name, and she was a golden fox with two lush tails.
She was the Werebeasts’ representative who had total authority over the
race
–––– [Miko].
“…… I’ve been meaning to ask the two of you…… What on earth is in your
heads?”
The three people were in the middle of a game called [Corner Sparrow]. It
was a unique traditional game of the Eastern Union.
––– Although it was some aspects in common with [Mahjong], it was
essentially a completely different game.
“What? Ah, okay, I win again.”
“…… This game…… is pretty…… interesting……”
––– They were petting the countless Werebeast girls while asking the
flippant question of ‘what love was’.
––– Yet, they had easily mastered this game, which they had just seen for
the first time and heard the rules of only a few tens of minutes ago.
In that very short period of time, they had formulated strategies that
maximize in efficiency and countless arrangements –––– and even worked
out a few ways to cheat.
But that was not the biggest problem…… Miko had mixed feelings, and
smiled bitterly while she sighed.
“How the heck did your cheat escape my notice? Tell me?”
––– Even though she was depending on her five senses, Miko could not
perceive the slightest of flaws in their movements.
Sora smiled like a hippie while replying her.
“Oh? You’re going as far as to say that we cheated? How disgraceful. But,
Shiro did memorize all the cards that were facing down while tracing their
positions, and I only pretended to shuffle so that I could control the cards
that Shiro might need –––– This isn’t to be called a cheat.”
Indeed, one of the two reasons why what they did could not be deemed as
a cheat–––
––– was that those two had not seen their opponent’s cards at all, and
were only speculating what was in each other’s hand.
“Also, Miko did the same. We’re both in the same boat, eh?”
The second reason was that she still lost to them when under the
same conditions…
They had only chatted with her for a while, yet they had already beaten her
in a game that she was playing for over fifty years.
–––– Her opponents had faced her directly with the strength to win, and
had exceeded her in terms of points…… There was nothing she could do
about that.
She had been so thoroughly defeated, yet she felt overjoyed.
Miko’s cheeks perked up as she forced a smile, while Sora began to state his
demands.
“Alright, ‘as pledged to the oaths’, I may request of three things from you
–––– no problems there, right?”
Facing the helplessly smiling Miko, Sora continued his speech.
“Firstly, I ask you to take into account the interests of both nations, and
to objectively create a tax table in accordance with the import and export
of
different goods.”
Compared to Elchea, the Eastern Union knew their mainland resources
like the back of their hands. That should have been obvious enough.
Then, the only person who could accurately evaluate the gap between the
two countries’ national strength, and also to strive to meet the interests of
both sides, was [Miko], the sole representative of the Eastern Union. There
was not a more appropriate candidate around.
Since it is to implicitly ‘take into account the interests of both countries’,
the benefits cannot go unilaterally to the Eastern Union.
Miko admired in her heart the fact that there were never any holes in
their plans, but…
“…… In other words, you guys are throwing all the work onto me once
again……”
In the past half a month, Sora and Shiro were really hard at [work].
They visited Miko’s residence every day, and bet for the interests of both
countries in games.
…… Indeed, they were remarkably efficient in their work. They had been
victorious over Miko in every single game. If you were to overlook how
they threw all of their substantive workload onto Miko, it was an
impeccable feat.
“Specialized work should be assigned to those who specialize in it. Since
Miko-sama only spent half a century to unite this huge country, I believe
in your abilities ♪ ”
Upon hearing how easily Sora replied her, Miko laughed while scratching
her hair.
The federal system used by the two combined nations…
It seemed to be a reference to their original world’s United States of
America. This move was unprecedented, and thus involved numerous
obstacles which needed solutions and compromises to be made. The
friction between the two countries also needed to be reduced to a
minimum. So, they decided to throw all of these things to Miko to get
resolved.
In truth, that was the most correct approach. Although Sora and Shiro
were super gamers, they were no politicians.
However, Miko’s forced smile was for a different reason.
As of that day, she had attempted to win against Sora and Shiro several
times
––– and failed.
This time, she thought she would be able to win with a game they had
never seen before, but she still suffered a beautiful defeat.
In addition, she had used a lot of tricks, hoping to win some benefits for
the Eastern Union…… but the result was that she completely failed to
trick or win against them.
However, to formulate the policy in this way, as Sora and Shiro said, it
would thoroughly meet the ‘interests of both countries’. However, be it
Elchea or the Eastern Union, there would be some short-term losses, but
long-term benefits will definitely be reaped on both sides –––– looking at
the records of these documented policies, Miko could not help but sigh.
She had no complaints.
However, since she was always trying to deceive those two with cheats,
she began to feel a little guilty.
The problem lay with their second request which was incidentally…
“Okay, the second request is as usual –––– let us stroke Miko-sama!”
“…… stroke……”
––– Indeed, they would senselessly bet for the rights to stroke Miko every
time before starting the game.
“Well, since you are seriously considering government policies, I’ll let
you have a touch……”
Miko sighed while looking at the stack of documents that was
constantly piling up.
Then, she slowly swung her two golden tails over to them to let them touch.
“OKAY! It’s here! Let’s go, Shiro!”
“…… Today we must definitely…… make Miko moan……”
With shining eyes, Sora and Shiro pounced onto Miko. Miko laughed bitterly
while she thought –––
––– the Werebeasts who are the Exceed’s fourteenth ranked race…
They could exceed the limits of their body’s physical capabilities.
This was naturally impossible for humans to achieve, and needless to say,
it defied the laws of physics.
The way they used to make this possible ––– was to rely on the
elementals within their body.
…… All life in this world had some amount of ‘Elemental’ within their
bodies.
There were elemental corridors to retain strength or make connections that
were like nerves –– and the [external elementals (magic)] was what
determined the ranks. As the fourteenth rank, the Werebeasts had a
meagre connection, and were thus incapable of using magic.
But as for [the elementals within each body], the only race who would
be unconscious to their use was the Imanity.
The Werebeasts utilized the strength of their body’s elementals to
achieve heights that humans would be amazed at.
A good example would be [Bad Blood] which was used by Izuna and Miko.
By controlling the elementals within their body, they could enhance the
performance of their body and cast a field of self-destruction. That was
the skill of the Werebeasts.
But the price paid for circulating elementals through their bodies was a
special phenomenon that endlessly causes disorder.
And that specific phenomenon had a greater impact depending on how
weak the body of the Werebeast is.
The result on the Werebeast race was a chronic disorder of the
elementals within one’s body, especially seen in women and children……
which was followed by discomfort.
It was not easy to solve this problem alone.
………… after saying so much, what was trying to be conveyed was……
“…… Fluffy fluffy …… pet pet…… hehe……”
“ ––– !”
Under Shiro’s touch, Miko almost let out an ecchi sound, but managed to
keep it in by dispersing her attention.
Sora and Shiro…… those two’s technique of leading around the elementals
within her body was ––– abnormally clever.
Imanity should not be able to see elementals though.
Even if they were from another world, the technique to lead around
Elementals belonged to the field of high magic.
And yet, those two were……
“––– Hng, right here!”
“–––––––––––– ! !”
…… The reaction was instantaneously captured with the touch that had
substantially leaded around the elementals.
The result was inadvertently the elimination of the chronic disorder in
the Werebeasts due to the disorder in their body’s elementals.
This is… how would you call it –––– probably an exceedingly charismatic
masseur?
–––– It’s only natural that this would attract such a long queue, right?
“…… What else? You did say that you wanted ‘three’ requests today…… Ah.”
Because of the accurate touch, she almost let out an ecchi sound. Miko
forcibly repressed it and bet on this opportunity to ask the two of them a
question.
“…… It’s about time to state it, right? Of course, I think it has something to
do with this situation, right?”
She looked to Sora and Shiro who were being hugged by Werebeast girls
who were strangers to them, while they alternated between petting the
crowd.
To this point, Miko had been pretty much dying to say that. But, first
putting that aside……
The two of them had their mouth and nose covered, and each wrapped with
a towel that seemed to be borrowed from Izuna.
Sora was wearing what looked to be cat ears, and Shiro was wearing
rabbit ears. Jibril stood behind them, and for some reason or another, she 
had slightly drooping dog ears on her head. Izuna stood by her side, with
eyes eagerly looking onto Sora and Shiro who were petting Werebeast
girls, as if waiting for her turn.
Miko then narrowed her eyes to look at the last person.

In her line of vision was a Dhampir girl who crouched in the corner of
the room whose body was constantly shivering.
“Last night, after I rejected the request issued by Plum, –– the Dhampir
over there –– she went all over Kannagari to advertise the petting skills of
Shiro and me.”
The result seemed to be the long queue of Werebeast girls waiting to be
stroked.
They had clearly covered their faces and used the space to divert others’
attention while going to Miko’s shrine, but the moment they stepped out
and walked a little, the scenario completely changed…… Sora shrugged his
shoulders and laughed bitterly.
“She threatened to keep up this troublesome behavior until I promised
to rescue the Dhampir race.”
“………… Is that so……”
“Master, this should be enough. You should just use a game and bet for her
head, win, then chop her head off ♥”
“I’m s-s-sorry…… b-but this is an important matter which involves the
survival of an entire race!”
A single glance by Jibril who was emitting a murderous aura caused Plum
to huddle in her corner and let out a cry of misery.
“–––– That is, regarding my third request……” “Un.”
“Please use your status as the werebeasts’ sole representative to order
them that, whenever we take the initiative to go out, they are not to come
looking for us. If not, they’d just line up outside the main door of Izuna’s
house, and we’d be too scared to enter their line of sight that we wouldn’t
even touch the
door, and thus be unable to state the original purpose of our visit.”
…………
––– Miko looked as if she had much to say.
But, in order to hear what his original purpose was, she used a sharp tone
and spoke.
“––– Step down.”
With only that sentence, the Kemonomimi girls were immediately so
scared that their hairs stood on edge, then they repeatedly bowed their
heads while scrambling to escape from the shrine’s garden.
Moreover, Shiro was waving goodbye in the direction of their backs.
“That should be it. –––– So, what was it you wanted to talk seriously about?”
Miko had an intolerant expression when she asked. Sora nodded solemnly
in response.
“Yup, –––– it’s a major issue that puts both Elchea and the Eastern Union at
stake.”
Sora started the topic, and no longer had his usual slovenly appearance.
He wore a very serious look on his face, like he had encountered a
problem which was extremely difficult to solve.
Accordingly, Miko proceeded to sit opposite Sora.
Sora said, “You know the capital in the sea that’s south of the Eastern
Union; the country called Oceando?"
“That’s our neighbouring country. Of course I know of it. It’s the nation of
the
Seirens.”
––– Seirens.
The Exceed’s fifteenth ranked, which was above Imanity by a single rank,
and below the Werebeasts by a single rank.
Their capital was located beneath the deep sea, and because they could only
live underwater, they were not interested in acquiring territories.
They were also a race with a special ecology, and thus they have minimal
transactions with other nations and were closed off to the rest of the
world.
What on earth is the purpose of bringing up the country composed of
those people……?
Miko stared with that question in her eyes. Sora responded with a
vigorous nod. “Indeed. This is something that involves them, Miko-sama…”
Sora inhaled deeply.
“… Like I was saying, Miko-sama, what is love?”
“I’ll say this one more time. If you’re asking for a fight, I can take you on. ♥”
Miko’s smile stretched through her face ––– but she exuded an aura which
looked as if she was preparing to activate [Bad Blood].
Her fur turned slightly reddish, and she let out a low growl.
Part 4
––– Returning to a time some time back: last night.
The H-game was set at a different location, so as Sora had declared, he
coldly rejected all demands.
Plum clung onto Sora’s feet, begging wildly while on the verge of bursting
into tears.
“P-Please wait! I can only ask this of you, Your Majesty!”
“You’re irritating! I do not intend to get involved with something that
clearly rated M-18! Please get yourselves acquainted with these limits!”
The race known as the [Dhampirs] used a white turbid liquid to substitute
for blood as food.
––– Regardless of whatever manner it was to be implemented, it would
be sent to the restricted area of the room with no excuses.
“No, it’s ––––– Ahh, no, some people also became like that……”
“This has indeed turned into an H-game story!”
“P-Please listen to my explanation! If we go on like this, our race will
perish!”
“…Uhh?”
“……Un?”
Sora and Shiro suddenly stopped what they were doing. Hearing those
words made it impossible for them to ignore the situation.
The line of vision of those two intersected to confirm something.
––– A race perishing is a worrisome issue.
“…… I’ll listen to what you have to say. But hear this. If I judge the topic to
touch on hentai, we’re ending this conversation immediately.”
Sora reluctantly sat on the floor cross-legged, and sighed when he finished
his sentence.
Shiro sat on Sora’s lap, and Jibril followed to sit beside them.
As for Izuna ––– perhaps due to fatigue, she huddled next to Sora’s body,
and nodded off into sleep.
“Th---Thank you very much!”
Plum wore a teary eyed expression, and repeatedly bowed at Sora.
“Ugh…… Please hold on a moment……”
Some irregular patterns emerged out of her purple pupils……
All of a sudden…
…
––– What on earth were they doing?
In that short time, Jibril appeared before Plum’s face, and Izuna jumped in
a spiral to go behind Plum.
The actions of those two resulted in a surplus of air, which was still
blowing through the room.
“……Eh?”
Plum screamed while staring blankly at Jibril’s sharp eyes who were
staring back at hers.
“Don’t think you’re something great just because you managed to get close
to Master. But if you really think I will be silly and let you succeed a second
time, let me tell you this ––– know your place, you little worm.”
“Grandpa said that once I sense the scent of the magic of Dhapmirs, I must
immediately avoid the other party’s eyes, des.”
Izuna growled. Her voice was cold and filled with wariness.
At this point, Sora trembled in fear and trepidation. To the two people who
had their guards up, he said, “I-I think…… because of the [Ten Oaths], she
should not be able to cause any harm, right?”
“Even if it does not result in harm, it is possible to disguise another’s
cognition. That is to say…”
Her hostile gaze shifted to Plum’s [side].
“Concealing over there, a gigantic luggage ––– or such.”
Jibril stared to an empty space as if there was something there. Plum
waved frantically while she tearfully explained the situation.
“Th-This is a misunderstanding! I had only applied the disguising of
cognition to myself!”
––– With a thunderous sound, numerous suitcases appeared from nowhere.
“…………Un.”
Izuna sniffed with her nose, and then let her down her guard and returned
to
Sora and Shiro’s side.
“As I had too much luggage, because of that… I just disguised the existence
of the bags so that it would be easier to carry……”
It was at this time that Sora and Shiro grasped the situation and widened
their eyes in surprise.
“In other words… you hid the [existence] of your luggage, thus
eliminating their weight?”
“No, it only removes the feeling of the volume and weight. It does not
imply the luggage disappeared.”
“So, when you first appeared, you were so fatigued because of…”
“…… This reason……?”
“S-Sorry…… ‘cuz it’s too heavy……”
Plum constantly bowed to apologize, but Jibril on the other hand…
“The Dhampirs’ [disguises and illusions] ––– they are at times superior to
the Elves in regards to affecting one’s cognition through magic. Those
trunks of luggage had always been here…… we were just not aware of
them.”
“Uwa, but Jibril was aware of them?”
“It makes me sad to admit this but if I was not paying attention, I would
have overlooked it. There will never be a second time.”
Jibril spoke with clenched fists and a lowered head. Nonetheless, Sora’s
gaze moved to her side.
“…… Izuna, why did you drop your guard?”
“……? Because I did not smell the scent of lies, des?”
Perhaps she had become fatigued from moving so suddenly. Izuna had
curled up into a ball, and yawned when she replied.
“Un.” ––– Sora and Shiro narrowed their gaze.
In front of their eyes was Plum. She had flipped over her luggage and
looked as if she was searching for something.
Then, she said, “I-I found it!” She unfolded a document…
“Umm, ugh…… rumor has it that Sora-sama intends to unite all the races.”
“……Yeah.”
That was the external reason.
They had merged with the Eastern Union and were preparing to create a
federation ––– such a large matter should have already been exposed to
the public. But as for who was controlling the race pieces, it should be a
secret kept between Sora, Shiro and Miko.
As he did not feel any special need to mention this, Sora simply expressed
his affirmation.
“Let me get right to the point…”
Feeling satisfied at Sora’s reply, Plum continued her speech.
“Currently, we, the Dhampirs and Seirens, are on the verge of extinction.
Although we’ve tried every possible way…… we are still powerless. So we
hope to rely on the assistance of Sora-sama and his companions.”
……––––– Umm.
“Jibril, can you explain to me how the Dhampirs are related to the Seirens?”
Upon hearing Sora’s inquiry, Jibril quietly accepted his order and lowered
her head. She began her explanation to Sora.
“After the implementation of the [Ten Oaths], the Dhampirs could not
absorb the blood of others without permission. Thus, they have to live
relying on others ––– the Seirens are also in a similar situation.”
“…… Heh?”
“…… the [Seirens]…… the fifteenth ranked…… are a race that can
only…… live in the ocean.”
Shiro began to proceed with her explanation.
The Exceed’s fifteenth ranked Seirens ––– to simply put it, they were a
race of [mermaids].
They lived in the shallow portion of the ocean, and had the upper body of
a human and had a fish tail instead of legs.
Their ecology had certain particularities. The first of which was… that
they could not leave the ocean for a long time.
Because of this, they built an undersea city named [Oceando] which was
a vast maritime territory.
The second particularity was that they were a race with only females.
In other words, their way of reproducing…
“…… requires…… [a male of a different race]……”
After hearing Shiro’s explanation, Sora looked to Jibril with half-open eyes.
“I say, be it the [Dhampirs] or the [Seirens], aren’t the biological defects of
this world too serious?”
“There were no issues in the beginning… only after the implementation of
the [Ten Oaths].”
Jibril continued her speech.
“As the Seirens only needed to catch another race’s male and eat him, and
the Dhampirs can just suck blood without saying anything, there were no
problems. But, they cannot do harm to others because of the [Ten Oaths]
––– perhaps other races had been hurt ––– but they should be the ones
who were most deeply hurt.”
Jibril had a smile on her face, and emitted a murderous aura while
talking about the past. Sora directed a question to her. “……Sigh, what
do you mean by…… catching to eat? Exactly as it implies?”
At that moment, a grim image of girls, whose lower half was that of fishes,
taking big bites and chewing up other races flashed through his mind… This
may have fallen under the M-18 ban for a different reason. Sora shuddered
at the thought.
However, Jibril shook her head.
“No, because Master said to be healthy, so I put it subtly. It has a sexual
meaning.”
“How can there be such a heaven in existence?! I want to go! Jibril, let’s set
off immediately!”
Sora joyfully stood up, but Jibril replied in surprise.
“You’d be extracted until exhaustion or even death. Is that really okay?”
“How can there be such a hell in existence… I don’t want to go…… I’d
never go there in my life!”
…… The mermaids could not reproduce unless they drained the life of
someone of another race.
How much does this world want to betray my hopes and common sense until
it is satisfied……
Sora’s mood instantly hit bottom. He sighed and sat back down.
Not understanding why Sora was dejected, Jibril continued her explanation.
“Anyway, the Dhampirs and Seirens are races that cannot live without
causing harm onto others. With the [Ten Oaths] hurting their survival, at
such a time, the Dhampirs must have set their target on the Seirens.”
Sora nodded.
“Yeah, ranking them as fifteenth between Imanity and the Werebeasts was
a fitting choice. That means they cannot use magic either, right? No wonder
the Dhampirs, who are experts at illusions and disguise magic, unilaterally
intend to bait them out for food.”
Both races which were on the verge of extinction would not be worried
about bets, I suppose.
The atmosphere was still full of murderous intent, but as it pertained to
a matter of survival…
Jibril was smiling happily instead.
“Unfortunately, this matter seems to have turned a right angle and
dramatically changed…… it has become an issue well known all over the
world.”
––– Rather than going up a ramp, they were growing in the direction of a
right angle. Jibril continued her speech happily.
“Getting bitten by a Dhampir will result in a [disease]…… I believe I’ve said
this before.”
“Yeah……”
“To simply put it, the disease is that [you will die if you get exposed to
sunlight]. Since they are already unable to go ashore and have always lived
under the sea, the disease does not constitute a problem to the Seirens.” “––
– Un? Eh, that is to say?”
At that point, Plum smiled weakly and replied, “……Yes, we Dhampirs –––
made this [symbiotic] proposal……”
Jibril continued speaking. “They adopted a strategy for the Seirens to
provide blood, and the Dhampirs to provide magic to bait out other races
for food. The Dhampirs intended to put up a [united front] with the
Seirens.”
“That is really…”
“…… Amazing……”
Sora and Shiro praised them together in their hearts.
Even though they were facing the crisis of extinction, and it was impossible
for them to pull any tricks –––
To think they managed to come up with the perfect escape route that
takes each other’s interests into account, and it was a correct and
problematic proposal –––
“Yeah, they really are a race that greatly stupefies others ––– I’m referring
to the Seirens.”
––– What?
Jibril then smiled towards the pitiful Plum while she continued speaking.
“Because, to the Dhampirs who they are coexisting with ––– the Seirens
have actually [taken a bite] ~♪”
…………Eh?
“The result is that the Dhampirs lost tragically to the Seirens. The Dhampirs
are now forced to find males to help the Seirens reproduce, and the males
of the Dhampirs are forbidden from sucking the blood of any race other
than the Seirens. What a baffling contract.”
…………–––––– Huh?
Perhaps even with Shiro’s intelligence, she had not foreseen such a
situation. She looked towards Jibril and could not help but suspect that she
misheard those words. “…… Haha…… this is really so hilarious.”
Opposite them, Plum had somewhat of an expression of despair.
“My ancestors probably did not expect that ––– the Seirens did not
understand the consequences of the [Ten Oaths], and unconsciously
contributed to their own extinction, I think…… haha.”
––– With her face full of misfortune, a gloomy smile emerged on her
considerably fatigued face. “…… Ugh……? …… Nii…… What’s…… going
on?”
Shiro tilted her head in confusion, as if she had just been handed
someone else’s big mess.
Sora responded to her and said, “––– Ahh~ In other words, I hope it
isn’t……”
Although it was an incredulous thought… Sora still proceeded to say it.
“The Dhampirs did not use their magic and made a fake game, and proposed
that if there was a tie, they would have a symbiotic relationship with each
other… But, the Seirens did not understand the intentions of the Dhampirs
and won the game unilaterally, and were so happy with the outcome ––– am
I right?”
From Jibril’s pitying smile and Plum’s exhausted smile, one could tell it
was [totally correct].
“……Sigh, the Seirens are idiots after all…”
“Their reputation reverberates to the heavens. The super idiots of
three thousand worlds ♥ ”
“They really are a race that’s stupid to the extreme……haha.”
“Grandpa said that they were more stupid than hairless apes, des.”
Jibril who looked full of contempt, Plum, and even Izuna who should
have been asleep, answered Sora’s question without hesitation.
“…… This is too much. To think there was a race that could be looked down
on more than the Imanity…… I am a little touched.”
However, Jibril continued her speech with a smile on her face.
“Well, that way, things get very interesting too ♪”
First, she put up a finger.
“To begin with, the Dhampirs can [survive] by consuming body fluids
other than blood.”
Then, she put up two fingers.
“But [growth] requires blood ––– if they do not mix their souls, they
will always maintain a child-like appearance.”
Then, three fingers were put up.
“Because the Seirens need to suck the blood of only the males of other
races, but are barred from doing so because of the Oaths. However, because
they will maintain the appearance of a child, the Dhampirs will be unable to
reproduce amongst themselves. Thus, in order to obtain blood, the males
have to obey the Seirens, and in order to give birth, the females also have to
obey the Seirens.”
Following which, she put up four fingers.
“Even if a Seiren were to disobediently flee from the city, they would
still carry a [disease] ––– that should be enough to understand, right?”
Finally, with a smile, Jibril put up five fingers.
“Because the Dhampirs have such idiotic opponents, they have been
accidentally been driven to a corner. ♪”
…………
Shiro had already lost interest in this foolish story and was playing with
her nails.
Sora was also looking confused at the ceiling. Suddenly…
What Plum said flashed through Sora’s mind.
––– “Ahh, no, some people also became like that.”…
…… Let’s try to sort out this information and think through before
judging them.
First of all, the Dhampir females have no obligation to obey the Seirens,
so they can leave.
It’s just that they would continue to have a child’s appearance.
But as long as they have the body fluids of other races, they can survive.
Under such conditions, the appropriate body fluid ranked behind blood
is [that]?
And she said that ––– some people also became like that……?
––– Wait, just wait a moment.
––––––………… then that’s a –––––– legitimate loli[7]––––––
“B-But, we have solved this issue once in the past……”
“Eh, aha, ihh? What did you say?”
Sora had just become completely biased.
Everything Plum said seemed to somewhat confusing so she pulled back.
“What we said after speaking about the [Ten Oaths]… The Dhampirs have
been successful in establishing a symbiotic relationship.”
Jibril nodded, and continued speaking.
“The essence that the Seirens require from males ––– the [soul essence]
must be won and depleted before reproduction ––– however, when [a
single generation comes from a single person], and the rest are still living,
the amount
of soul essence required for breeding that is to be extracted will not cause
the death of the ingested individual, so…”
“The Dhampirs are only with absolute compliance to [her] for [assistance
with reproduction]. ––– With her identity as the [queen], every generation
of Seirens come from the sole representative. They take the approach to
[only have the Queen reproduce].”
“––– Ohh!”
“…… a clever trick……”
Sora clapped his hands to express his admiration, and Shiro clapped
similarly as if she was presenting an offering to the Gods.
“The Dhampirs are pretty much just [assisting the Seirens with
reproduction], and it isn’t in violation of the Oaths. On the other hand, they
can also deny the Seirens if they mean to extract energy from them until
they die. The Dhampirs also have blood they can suck… Wow, is this not a
perfect situation to be in?”
So it was like this… although major mistakes were made, this gorgeous
drama had a nice plot twist.
They managed to make it such that neither will perish while
establishing a system that ensures the continuity of both races.
In other words, they had successfully achieved the [interracial
coexistence] that Sora and his companions were trying to achieve, and did
so earlier than them.
“… This is sure enough of a great feat. The Dhampirs aren’t ranked twelfth
for nothing.”
“Unfortunately, Master, that system had collapsed because of the queen of
that generation.”
––– Just how many plot twists are there in this story?
“…… Then what good did the queen of that generation do?”
Sora asked with cold eyes, but Jibril remained smiling, though this time
she had her fingers on both hands stretched open.
‘––– Nothing-at-all~ ♥’ was Jibril’s reply.
Plum, who originally wore an expression of misfortune, now looked as if
her soul was about to come out of her, and she laughed bitterly for a while.
“She left me with the message, ‘Let me sleep until my prince comes. I will
not wake up till then.’ …… And then she was out cold.”
––––––––– Ah?
Jibril was grinning madly. What made her smile that much?
“In other words, the Dhampirs can undergo reproduction with the Seiren’s
[current queen] as long as they do not die… But when her mother was still
the queen, she was affected by some fairytale and pledged to the Ten Oaths
then left that sentence and entered an eternal sleep.”
…… Hey, hey, are you kidding me?
“Until the prince that makes her fall in love appears –– in other words, only
if someone [pledges by the Oaths] through the [game] that she had set
would she ever wake up. Also, this [Cold Sleep] that she is in is similar to
the [Bad Blood] ability of the Werebeasts. It is an ability of the Seirens to
continue sleeping for a thousand years or more. But!”
Jibril said this while sitting with good posture, then started fanning herself.
“Okay, my audience. The world’s stupidest [truth] is finally coming to an
end. ♪”
…… Did she take herself for a storyteller?
Jibril happily continued on with her unique manner of speech.
“Ah, well then!! The queen did set a certain [game] –– But!”
“In the end, how would one make her fall in love with him while she
was sleeping!!”
–––…… Everyone had nothing to say.
Plum just watched from afar with a weak smile.
Sora looked like he was enduring a headache, and Shiro was already
yawning, while Izuna was sleeping soundly.
Jibril, who was the only one in high spirits, continued her speech.
“The original excuse that the Dhampir males used to reject reproduction
was that they would only help by undergoing reproduction when the other
party, [the queen], was on the verge of death ––– But, here comes the
question!
What would happen if the queen sleeps and never wakes up?”
She then opened the fan…… and acted as if she had become limp.
“The current queen has entered [cold sleep] for eight hundred years now,
and the former queen has already passed on. They waited for the current
queen to see if she could wake up naturally after a few hundred years……
the result was ––– the Dhampir males gradually got eaten –––”
Following which, Jibril bowed deeply.
“This infamous situation reverberated throughout the seven continents as
the stupidest history to have ever existed in the world. What do you think
about this, my audience? ––– the next performer seems to be ready to
perform now. Let me take a bow, and adieu.”
“…… I’m not particularly ready, but whatever…… I get where this is going.”
It was no wonder why everyone thought those races had perished long ago.
––– However, there was still a single doubt.
“After the last Dhampir male had been eaten, wouldn’t that result in
the Seirens’ extinction?”
“…… If the Seirens even had a brain to understand this situation…… I
wouldn’t have to go through all this trouble……”
“……Eh? Don’t tell me ––– they didn’t do this intentionally……?”
Seeing Plum’s voided eyes stare blankly at him, Sora could not help but feel
a little scared.
So that’s how it turned out like this?
“––– Truth be told, there is only one male remaining…… and he is still too
young……”
…… Which means there’s only five seconds to their extinction. Sora
understood that, but……
“How are we supposed to help in such a situation? From what I just heard,
all the cards are already down on the table.”
“Ah, the story told by the Flugels actually has a follow-up!”
Since they were finally getting to the topic, Plum’s expression
suddenly brightened up.
“Although the queen is currently in the state of [cold sleep], she still retains
her consciousness! So if we were to gather all the fragments of her
conscience
––– and intervene with a spell in her [dreams] so that she can meet her
love within her dreams ––– such a [Dating Sim] would thus be possible!”
…… Oh ––– so now it’s a [dating sim], eh…… Sora could not help but laugh.
“Jibril, does interfering with dreams violate the [Ten Oaths]?”
“Yes, if no harm is intended and no danger will be caused directly ––– and
more so in this case, the queen is waiting for her beloved prince. The fact
is that this counts as her consent to the situation?”
Plum nodded and proceeded to renew her request.
“––– Please let the [queen] fall in love with you! In order to do this, I’ve
prepared a countermeasure!”
Sora and Shiro looked to each other’s’ faces ––– they already had their
answer.
Sora and Shiro had the goal of [conquering the sixteen races] ––– so
helping out was the only option from the beginning.
But Sora expressed that even so, there were still things that must be
confirmed.
“When we win that game, what will be our reward?”
Plum removed her cheat sheet once again.
“Uh…… [Providing 3% of the underwater resources of Oceando, and
establishing permanent friendly relations].”
Plum was sighing while reciting that sentence.
“…… it took me a week to make the Seirens understand the reality of the
situation, make them accept and obtain this condition…… sigh……”
As it turned out, this condition was not too bad.
But Sora’s stern expression showed he was very concerned about one thing.
“…… And, and also…… that……”
Plum coyly played with her fingers ––– and then aimed with her eyes.
Looking towards her great volume of luggage, she bowed her head while
her face was fully flushed red.
“I, I can be at your disposition…… so, so I brought all my household items
(luggage) along with me. –––”
“Quit stuttering. Everyone! We’re gonna step in earlier and save the people
on the brink of extinction!!”
–– Sora completed his preparations and looked like he was ready to run out
the door.
With loving eyes, he spoke to Plum.
“Please rest your worries, Miss. There is no [Dating Sim] game I have not
mastered.”
So hurry and tell me the details.
Then we’ll leave as soon as possible for me to obtain my legitimate lolis
––– !
Looking at how intense Sora’s gaze was, Plum exposed an expression of joy.
“Y-Yes! Uh, because of the [dream interference], you can freely set the
location, and basically… the aim of the game is to make the queen fall for
you and confess to you!”
What flashed through Sora’s mind was ––– [Tokimeki Memorial].[8]
For a G-rated dating sim, Sora confirmed… that there would be no
problems.
‘There are no characters that I cannot conquer’ was what Sora affirmed in
his heart, but–––
“That’s for a dating sim where there are conditions set to fulfil and all
dialogues and actions are immediate!”
…………
Sora and Shiro exchanged glances, and smiled while nodding at each other
––– then, they decided that their original verdict should be……
…… Overthrown.
“No need to discuss any further, I refuse. Please return.”
“…… byebye…… gambatte…… don’t go extinct.”
The two of them laughed while saying those words.
Part 5
“… But why? The conditions aren’t bad, are they?”
Miko, who had been quietly listening to the situation, briefly expressed
her feelings.
“Well, I had long wanted the undersea resources of the Sirens, so what’s the
problem? You should go save them and establish friendly relations –––
wouldn’t that be a pretty good condition for the Elchea Federation (of
yours)?”
Indeed, she was Miko ––– a faint smile surfaced on her face, and she
understood everything clearly.
What Plum had said about [only being able to beg Sora and his companions]
had come to be spread around.
The Dhampirs and Sirens ––– were left with nothing to gamble.
In general, the friendly relations alone or that degree of resources did
not constitute enough of a reason to help them.
If one wanted their territories or resources, they’d get it as long as they
ignored them and let them perish.
As being subdued did not add any harm on their side or affect the race’s
survival, there was nothing to be earned to begin with.
But –––
With the goal of uniting the [exceed] ––– Sora and Shiro were the
exceptions.
It would be bothersome even if a single race were to perish.
The Eastern Union wants their resources, and it can also be used to lessen
the gap between the national strength of the two nations.
Also… if they were successful, the Elchea Federation will have two races
added in.
Impeccably, it was indeed good terms.
––– Sora shook his head in anguish and stared at Plum.
“…… But this is impossible, Miko-sama…… didn’t you hear earlier? The
[game] that Plum was speaking about.”
“Mhmm, [a romance game], right? What’s the issue?”
The perplexed look on Miko’s face remained, and she sounded surprised
when she asked that question. But Sora clutched his head in irritation,
and revised what he had said.
“––– No, it is a [romance game where the likability factors are uncertain
with real-time dialogue and actions].”
“……What’s the difference?”
“Very much of it! That’s not a dating sim! That’s an [actual romance game]!”
Sora exaggeratedly waved his hand and shouted.
“No, a real romance game…… Is that even a game!? And then again… what is
love!?”
It was a really philosophical question.
…However, since it was proposed as a game, Sora naturally did some
incomparably serious investigation on it.
He said, “If it was like usual romance games, things would be easier. To put
it simply, all you need to do is reach the conditions and increase your
[likeability]. But what about this situation? This guy actually just casually
said that this is where the likeability factors are not certain, and the
dialogue and actions are unrestricted, and it’s even going to happen in real
time! I’ll ask again. Is that even a [game]!?”
……Ancient Greece.
The philosophers and debaters of that time would probably have asked
themselves questions similar to this.
Sora gave off an aura similar to them. With fist still dramatically raised,
he began an unceasing torrent of loud declarations.
“What is the reality of [love]!? Can games with such an ambiguous concept
be called a game? With no meaningfully stipulated cards, combos, or
playing style, can a poker like this even be called a game!?”
… To add on, what is love (恋爱)?
Love – is longing (恋) and affection (爱).
…… it’s two words.
First, the forms of these words are different.
Since they’re of different forms, the pronunciations are also different.
With different pronunciations, the meaning is definitely dissimilar.
Longing and affection… At the end of the day, what exactly are they?
The sages of the past had said before to love thy neighbor. But he does not
tell you to go sleep with your neighbor’s wife.
……Sora spoke with sincere eyes.
In contrast, Miko’s eyes were icy cold when she replied.
“…Isn’t that just nice for you? You can use your silver tongue to deceive her
into falling in love with you, yeah? Isn’t constructing frauds something
you’re a master at?”
However, when Sora and Shiro heard what she said, they looked in pain as
they shook their heads in reply.
“……Can’t do it……”
“Yeah, seems like there’s still something I must state, Miko-sama.”
The sharpness of their gaze increased intensely.
“… No matter what the game, Kuuhaku is undefeatable. There are only [two]
games…… we have never broken through, no, we have never understood
the rules of, and thus never played it well.”
And those are…
“–––[reality life simulation games] and [reality love simulation games]…!”
In the world of the past, what was at the peak of over two hundred and
eighty games was a blank. This made the siblings become an urban legend
only passed on by word of mouth. They were the flawless two-man team ––
–
Imanity’s strongest gamers 『 』.
––– But please do not forget that……
In reality, they are just two virgin otakus without friends and with
communication disorders…!!
Upon saying this, Sora and Shiro had an immaculate gaze… and their
upright figures exuded an immense amount of pride.
Turning their beliefs into a reality, they changed to grandeur existences.
Also, the aura they were emitting…… made the particles in the air tremble.

“Y-You certainly are my masters ––– so shocking and grandeur!”
“I don’t really get it, but, you two are really cool, des.”
Jibril and Izuna swallowed a gulp of saliva in surprise.
“Being proud of being amateurs at something made you guys into this
state, eh…… It feels rather awe-inspiring.”
“…… For me, having such a state of mind is greatly perplexing……”
Miko and Plum gave their calm opinions.
“Thusly, we wish to discuss the conditions with Miko-sama, and keep our
stance of giving no reply to the request for now.”
“…… Oh, is that so……”
“So Miko-sama, please tell us what love is?”
“…… tell us…… Miko-sama……”
They asked with serious faces, but Miko only sighed.
She returned to her seat and played with her tails as if she was
grooming herself.
“…Well, what is love?” Miko replied coldly.
“From when I could first think sensibly, I had only ever considered the
Werebeasts ––– that is to say, the Eastern Union’s matters. I’ve been
struggling with that till now…… So to say what love is? Once upon a time, I
had even forgotten to think about such a thing……”
With withdrawn eyes, Miko murmured as if she was recalling her distant
past.
… And why is that?
Sora and Shiro were tremendously familiar with what she was going
through.
“Is that so……”
“……then we’re left with no options……”
After saying that, the two sighed simultaneously and then turned to face
Plum.
“Sorry, Plum. All we can do now is ask you to give up. Hope you don’t go
extinct!”
“…… persevere and survive!”
Being so easily discarded for the third time, she began crying with
distressed shouts.
“Please just listen to what I have to say? I had said I had prepared a
[countermeasure]!”
Plum shouted with tears in her eyes while pointing to her cheat sheet.
“T-The Dhampirs didn’t just get eaten away without doing anything…… We
have been analyzing the queen for many years… and at last we came up
with an absolute strategy for this game!”
However, Sora and Shiro looked to have no interest in it.
They were following Miko while trying to find the bifurcation of their
own hair. It looked like they had no intention of replying.
“…… there’s a method to win on your own…… so gambatte……”
Plum groaned and went ‘Waaaa～～’, then shouted at the top of her lungs.
“～～～～ rather than just speaking about it, why don’t you look at my
evidence! Sora-sama!”
Then, she extended her hand and pointed at Sora while shouting.
“Please name anyone who can never fall in love with you!”
“Anyone.”
“……Eh?”
Sora played with his nails. His reply was calm and immediate. When
Plum heard it, she froze in that moment.
In contrast, Sora was gazing in the distance ––– like a monk giving a
sermon, he looked calm and at peace.
“If not for the use of the [pledges], no one would fall in love with me even
if the world were to end.”
As if he had just set forth the truth of impermanence… he continued
preaching his situation like he was an enlightened one.
“…Th-That’s… I really sympathize with you.”
The grandeur-turned-Buddha-like Sora had indirectly forced Plum into
saying that.
Then, she tried to put forward alternative solutions…
“Th-Then, can we use that on Sora-sama……?”
“Hngh?”
“Use a magic to make the queen –– [forcibly fall in love]!”
––– Sora unconsciously let out an ‘Oh.’
Of course. Since the condition for her to awaken was for her to fall in love,
if there was that kind of magic, it does count as a victory.
If that’s the case, the situation is different…
On the other hand, Jibril began to harbor doubts and suspicions in her
eyes after hearing that statement.
“…What does it mean to forcibly fall in love? Because of the [Ten Oaths],
that should not be possible…”
But Plum looked like she had long waited for that question to be asked.
“Yup, it should not be possible under normal circumstances! However, the
queen intentionally fell asleep hoping for someone [who can make her fall
in love]… in other words, it is her [consent]. Thus, we can use this to
interfere with her feelings!”
Her reasoning followed the same reasoning with interfering in the
dream… Plum had both hands on her hips when she spoke.
Seeing Plum stand tall, it added a sense of confidence to her face that
was usually oozing with misfortune. Sora judged that… she actually
looked confident.
Thus, he winked at Jibril and nodded his head.
“Well, if even I, who does not understand the feelings of love, can be
effective in this, I guess there is indeed a way to emerge victorious.”
Sora spoke while he walked forward.
“Then why don’t you try it out on me, and let Shiro be the judge of its
effectiveness…”
But…
“…… can’t……”
Seeing Sora walk forward, Shiro pulled his shirt to stop him.
“Eh? What is it? Shiro.”
“…… can’t.”
“…………”
Shiro’s gaze wavered for a split second… and really only a very short split
second.
And Sora could not detect the reason why.
Thus… Shiro’s mind was currently running at full speed to think of a
reason…… to think of an [excuse].
And then, when Shiro finally found an excuse, she spoke it choppily.
“…… Nii…… if I fall in love…… I don’t know…… what I’d do……”
“Sh-Shiro… Are you doubting your brother’s iron will!?”
Sora asserted his grief, as he took sufficient pride in his ability to maintain
self-control.
But ––– for Miko, who had the Werebeasts’ ability to exceed standard
practices, and even look into the changes in another’s heart……
Unlike Sora, she seemed to better understand the changes in Shiro’s
emotions. Miko began to giggle.
“––– Alright, why don’t you try it on me?”
“Miko-sama?”
Miko’s gaze seemed as if she had just seen something amusing. She
continued speaking.
“I, too, do not understand the feelings of love, so this should not be a
problem, right?”
But Shiro was still on high alert, so she asked Plum, “…… can it …… be
undone?”
“Eh? It-It can! No problems at all!”
“Hahaha, feel at ease. The type I like is different from that.”
Shiro and Miko seemed to mutually understand the meaning behind
their words, and Sora was the only one who could not keep up with what
their conversation.
“…… Do you guys know what those two are talking about?”
“My deepest apologies, Master, I do not.”
“……? Sorry, I wasn’t listening then, des.”
Jibril did not get the reasons behind it.
And it was naturally impossible for Izuna, who was already yawning, to
know what was going on.
Ignoring the three of them, Miko stood up… and took a step.
Then she silently and immediately appeared in front of Plum.
“Come on, weren’t you going to try it out on me?”
“Y-Yes. Then, Sora-sama, and everyone…”
Plum had instantly flinched in reaction to Miko’s actions, but she
immediately pulled herself together, and spread her wings while she
spoke.
“When lacking the supply of blood, this magic cannot be used too many
times, so please pay attention!!”
Complex patterns emerged in Plum’s eyes, and concurrently, a breeze
blew within the room.
Plum’s wings looked like they were woven from the night. The light
circles that appeared had completely different geometrical patterns than
Jibril’s...
With irregular vibrations and uncountable red lines scuttling, the room
was dyed red.
The irregular streaks of red looked like veins. They gradually corroded
until they reached Plum’s right hand.
That hand… began to move again, slowly and complexly.
Feeling the elemental particles… the compilation of techniques turned
into a smell of magic. The ears of Izuna and Miko had subtle reactions.
Nonetheless, the magic was completely undetectable by Imanity… so Sora
and Shiro did not feel a thing.
The only one who could correctly identify the magic, and even see through
the meaning of the compilation of techniques was Jibril, but…
“…What…… it can’t be, can it?”
From her tone, it seemed that she was surprised.
After a few seconds… Plum slowly brought her palm to Miko.
…In a flash.
It sounded as if things were exploding, and the space surrounding Miko
gave of a red glow, as if a whirlpool was scattering in all directions.
––––––––––––
………… Um?
“…… What? Was the magic was carried out well?”
Miko did not look to feel any changes to herself.
But Plum smiled in fatigue and said, “Right! After this would be… Sorasama,
please…!”
“Rub Miko-sama’s chest～～!”
“……Ah?”
Sora and Miko exclaimed at the same time.
“After this [command] ––– the spell will be…… complete!”
Plum did not seem to notice the implications, and was still speaking
while filled with confidence. In a flash, Sora and Shiro exchanged
glances.
Seeing Shiro nod in agreement, Sora…
“Ah～Then Miko-sama, can I?”
“…… Well, I agreed to try it out….. But I’m very unhappy that none of this
was stated in advance.”
Miko looked reluctant, and she sighed while swaying her chest away.
“…… If it doesn’t feel good…… I would lose face……”
Sora said that, then with fear and trepidation, he covered Miko’s breast with
a hand.
Then, looking determined… he applied some pressure.
… Sora almost let out a gasp of admiration towards the elasticity of it
bouncing forward then sinking back.
While Sora felt touched by the feeling of something different than Steph’s…
“Oooo…?”
Miko, who was originally frowning with displeasure……
…felt as if something in her body had been unleashed. Her expression…
changed.
Following which, she slowly shifted her gazed towards Sora…
Intoxicated…
She said, “Wh-What is this? This feeling that makes all the hair on my body
stand on edge…… This sickening barf-worthy smile, from being in a bad
mood then now with a fire burning inside… Oh-Oh right, is this ––– is this
what [love] is!?”
“It can’t be～～! That really hurts my feelings!”
… Miko was looking into the disgusting thing’s eyes when she spoke, and
Sora immediately shouted back in response.
Still, Miko continued speaking as though she had not heard Sora’s yells.
“Th-This is probably love. It’s obviously impossible, but I can assert that I’ve
[fallen] for Sora, and so…… this nauseating feeling is called love…… what a
wonderful world we’re in.”
“…I say, Plum, haven’t you failed?”
No matter how you’d look at it, it’s a mistake. Sora’s mouth twitched
uncontrollably.
But Plum still stood tall and replied confidently.
“Hahaha, please listen to my explanation…… This is the main point.”
––– As if speaking of the Dhampirs’ only technology, her usually
misfortunate face was presently gleaming with shining eyes.
“[Love Magic (plug-in)] ––– although there were rumors of it in past and
present, no one has ever implemented it…”
“…… Is that so? Jibril.”
Love potions and love magic… were frequently used in the plot of fantasy
stories.
“…Yeah, although I’m reluctant to admit it, we have no leads on the
principles of love magic.”
Jibril had difficulty concealing her amazed face when she spoke.
Despite her reluctance to look, she was still nodding in recognition of
Plum’s great undertaking.
“To interfere with the emotions of love is something that practitioners of
magic
were never able to define the ambiguous key constituents to. From my
knowledge, this magic is something even the Elves have yet to achieve……”
Though they were prominent in their illusionary magic spells, the
Dhampirs were still only ranked in twelfth place.
The seventh ranked can practically be addressed as a magic spell itself.
They were a synonym to complex technique compilations (magic).
It was something the Elves could not accomplish, but Plum could.
Despite this, she still nodded her head in agreement.
“Yes, the difficulty lies in defining [feelings of love] because it’s never fixed
––– as everyone has a different definition.”
Plum was happily flapping her tiny wings while she spoke.
She had a triumphant look and straightened her chest before she went on
with her speech.
“When [the uncertainty factor is impossible to be set], no matter what spell
is cast, it’d be meaningless. That is why what the world terms as the spell
of [Love Magic (plug-in)] is at most just a cause of [estrus magic]… but!”
“Ah, wait a second, Plum, I’m more interested in [estrus magic]…”
But Plum ignored Sora’s concern and was standing so proud and tall that
it looked as if he was about to bend backwards. “We Dhampirs have
finally succeeded in this!”
“…………”
Then she began her story…
About something the Elves would never be able to reach……
…And the truth ––– about the magic that would even make a Flugel marvel
at.
“Sure it’s uncertain, but we can just set it as something. Since everyone has
a different feeling when in [love], then let that definition be arbitrarily be
decided by us!”
––– What kind of preposterous reasoning is that?
Having played games which often have the appearance of love magic, Sora
had never felt such a strong sense of violation till today.
Sora glanced towards Miko… Miko’s gaze looked as if she was staring at
garbage when directed at Sora.
“…… No, but this should not be a state where she’s in love with me, right?”
Sora rolled his eyes and murmured.
“No, if Miko-sama identifies such a feeling as [love], then that is [love]! After
all… love is just a misconception!!”
Plum was filled with confidence.
Disguises and illusions… this was what was so categorically asserted by
the race who is the most adept at the manipulation of one’s spirit and
cognition.
“…… Shiro, I now feel a totally unprecedented disappointment towards the
feeling of love.”
“…… Love…… what is it……”
In spite of the philosophical contemplation of the problem at hand by
the siblings, Plum grew even more excited as she spoke.
“Alright, Sora-sama, Miko-sama must have identified [disgust] as the feeling
of love! Now, if you strike while the iron is hot, and tell her the most
disgusting of disgusting lines you have!”
Being called disgusting time and again, although Sora had many things to
say… he temporarily swallowed his words.
“Ah…… [I really want to lick Miko]……”
Upon hearing the random line that Sora had just thought of, Miko’s reaction
was… that she could not retreat.
“Ahhh…… you can’t, Sora. You can’t! If you talk like that… wouldn’t that
make me fall for you even harder ♥”
“Hey! Plum!! Aren’t her words totally inconsistent with her attitude!? She
looks to be incredibly disgusted at me!! No, I should say instead that those
eyes are obviously telling me to [go to hell]!!”
Sora was gleaming with tears. He looked like he wanted to grab Plum and
scream into her chest.
However, Plum still shook her head with immense pride in herself while
she spoke.
“That is Miko-sama’s form of love. It turned into such a thing, isn’t that
terrific?”
“It’s too great, so hurry up and cancel it! My spirit is on the verge of
collapsing!”
… This can’t be right. Love Magic (plug-in) should not be as such……
––––––––––…………
“Ahhh, such an interesting experience…… Living for such a long time has its
perks.”
With the spell broken, Miko was delighted and laughing out loud.
Sora moved to the side –– in an effort to prevent others from seeing how
hurt his heart was –– then he spoke to Plum.
“So as it turns out, now I know your [countermeasure for victory]. Yet, why
do you not just use this by yourself?”
With such a means to make another fall in love unconditionally, the
Dhampirs should be able to manage this by themselves, right?
But, Plum dropped her shoulders and replied dejectedly.
“Because the Dhampirs’ last male is still a child…… and the queen requested
for a [prince]…”
Plum drew a circle with her hand, and something seemingly magical
emerged. She continued her speech.
“This magic is an illusion that feigns one’s cognition…… it works best when
used with a male with reproductive capabilities.”
––– At that moment, Shiro was still wordlessly pulling at the hem of Sora’s
shirt. She passed her phone to him.
Sora glanced at the words typed onto the phone…
“…… Un…… [That doesn’t sound like Nii has to do it]. Well said.”
––– Hearing Sora’s words, Miko and Izuna’s ears moved.
“Plum, let me ask you, can the queen’s game be challenged by multiple
people at once?”
“Eh? Ah, it can. It should be possible…… because the interference spell with
the queen’s dream will become large scale, so it may result in problems……
but, conversely, why can’t Sora-sama just challenge the game by himself?”
“Sorry to say this, but since [plug-in] is our final measure, and we do intend
to issue the challenge, a frontal attack should be launched. We must first
raise our chances of victory.”
“The swindler still has the cheek to say that……”
“Hey hey, why is Miko-sama saying something I cannot make heads or tails
of… In [plug-in], frauds are specified to win. It’d be different if the cheat to
pull was to [ensure that we have a trick if we are caught cheating to
prevent a loss], right?”
––– Miko and the rest did not understand, but in Sora and Shiro’s original
world…
Though they use psychological warfare and pull cheats, they kept a
consistent principle to never use [plug-ins].
“Games in particular require one to exhaust all means of winning in the
range of the rules. When the fundamental rules are ignored, it cannot be
called a game. It’s fine to make use of a game’s bug, or an OP[9] character, as
long as it is [officially recognized] that it can be used for the sake of an
unscrupulous victory… But using a means that defies the rules is absolutely
out of the question.”
After that, Sora nodded and ended his topic.
At that instant, Sora suddenly… shifted his line of sight to Miko, and
nodded again.
“––– I say, Miko-sama, can… you swim?”
To this question, Miko shook her head in response.
“… Since you don’t know how to swim, you can just walk about in the
water, somehow?”
“As long as Miko-sama agrees, I will agree to her request ––– to advance to
Oceando.”
“…… Un, that makes sense. The remuneration is not bad, and it will be a
[sure-win].”
“R-Really!?”
“…Miko-sama, among the people you know, aren’t there any suitable
candidates?”
Upon hearing this question, Miko stopped for a while to think about it.
And then, she stopped her mouth from speaking by covering it with her
hand.
But after thinking of how Sora’s expression would change, Miko concealed
her smile while she spoke.
“––– [Hatsuse Ino], that man should have about [t-h-i-r-t-y wives], yo.”
Part 6
Elchea’s King City, the King’s bedroom.
Steph was greedily enjoying a comfortable sleep she had long been
missing. She wandered about in her dream…
“Old man～～ hear me when I say this! I damn you to hell!!”
Suddenly, sounds of explosions shook the city, and further muffled
explosions roared through. Steph rolled off the bed.
“Wh-What happened!?”
Steph cried in pain for she had just bumped her head, but once she
realized what she had just heard… the sound she just made was more of a
scream. Steph even forgot that she was still in pajamas. She lifted her
quilt, and immediately ran towards the direction of the sound ––– which
was the direction of the main conference room. She practically flew out
the room.
Right on cue, it looked as if the door to the main conference room had
been kicked down. What Steph, who was frantically rushing over, saw
was…
The cause of the earlier explosion ––– should be…… no, it definitely was
––– none other than Jibril.
Perhaps it was because of the sound of an explosion…
“H-How did this horror come about……”
Hatsuse Ino, who was substituting for Steph in a game, and his opponent ––
–
who was probably one of the feudal lords ––– were there. Their cards were
fluttering in the air with a large number of documents. Smoke filled the
main
conference room, and one of the walls was utterly destroyed. The source
which caused this heaven-and-earth surprise seemed to have noticed Steph.
“Iyaa, Dora-chan, hi. Master commanded for his space to be transferred 
right now to Elchea, but because there were too many people, I had to open
a slightly larger hole in this space… Are you okay?”
… Actually, I might not be okay?
But compared to this… Steph suddenly started tearing up as she stared on.
The smoke was torn through. With great momentum, Sora closed in on
Ino with ground-piercing paces, and began to yell at him.
“Defendant Hatsuse Ino! Not only are you a Riajuu, you’ve even taken more
than a single maiden as your wife! I have simply tried this great sin through
my brain, and based on my prejudiced decision alone, your verdict is fully
and absolutely guilty, and you are henceforth sentenced to death! By the
laws of the galaxy, I will now obliterate you into the dust of the universe,
gaaaahhhhh!!!”
“…… Ah…… Sora-dono, the mass of what I have to say to you has piled up
all the way to the sky.”
When faced with the king who had just returned after roaming around for
half a month… and came back as a mad king…
Ino looked like he was suppressing the fire of his anger, but…
Izuna unexpectedly appeared from behind Sora’s back. Her words made Ino
immediately freeze in his place.
“…… grandpa…… are you a [sex-craving monster], des?”
“EH!? Izuna, where did you learn such words….!”
Conversely, as she may not have understood the meaning of the words,
Izuna tilted her head to a side and widened her eyes.
“…… That’s how Sora calls grandpa, des.”
“Oi! You damn monkey!! Not only had you thrown a mountain of work onto
others, you even instilled strange vocabulary to my granddaughter!?”
Ino could not help but reveal his true nature, and broke the table with
an angry roar.
But Sora was literally looking up towards the sky, and waved his hand
then pointed to Ino’s face.
“Ah! Look, Izuna! This is the face of a great sinner whose immoral
thoughts were just exposed. Ugly, isn’t it?”
Izuna had a look of defeat on her face.
“…… Grandpa, quit making a scene, des.”
“Wha ––––––– No, no, it’s not like that, Izuna! Grandpa is honestly in love
with these girls……”
“Ah～Ahh～ Shut up, shut up, you lower bodied slave! Don’t make excuses,
and just get ready to die ––– aarrgh!!”
“…… Nii…… noisy……” Shiro said this while being carried on Sora’s back.
Holding his neck with her arms, the then noisy Sora was subtly forced to
shut his mouth.
––– And then, when the smoke began to disperse ……
“Hahaha, it sure is a ruckus every time……”
With a voice like the ringing of bells, her footsteps were heard as she
stepped to the floor… A golden fox had appeared.
“Wha–––– Mi-Miko-sama!?” Seeing her figure, Ino instantly lay prostrate to
greet her.
Miko said, “Hatsuse Ino… We are now to [have everyone together] and
advance to Oceando.”
With her crisp and pleasant voice, she continued on.
“On the way there, please take your time to elaborate on your romantic
nature. I take it there are no issues?”
“Mi-Miko-sama…… Even Miko-sama is looking at me like that…”
Ignoring that Ino was about to wet the ground with his tears, Miko chose
to lower her voice and repeat herself…
“… There are no issues?”
… Such a question.
… Ino raised his head to observe his surroundings. Although he did not
fully understand everything… he could only give this reply.
“…… As you wish, please leave it to me.”
“–––……”
Steph could not keep up with what was happening, and just innocently
stood by the front of the door.
“Hey, Steph, you look quite well. We haven’t seen each other in two weeks,
yeah?”
––– Sora’s tone relaxed when he spoke, maybe because he finally noticed
her there.
Looking at his face… the countless emotions in Steph’s chest were like
waves surging forth.
Anger, blame, accountability, interrogation…
But compared to all of those, seeing Sora’s face after such a long time… Her
vision went blur.
The many lines she had originally decided to say when she met Sora
had already flown beyond the topmost clouds.
Steph closed both eyes tightly, and deliberately did not wipe away the
tears emerging in her eyes.
She was not thinking about what the feeling the tears were stemming from,
but just letting her emotions out before she spoke…
“Oh, Elchea’s policies have already been implemented to such a state, ah…
Was it under Hatsuse Ino’s directive?”
“It was Steph. She left Ino with only the restrictions and recommendations
of the job.”
“……Eh?”
––– Not speaking.
Hearing Miko and Sora converse, she made that sound as she fell into a
blank stare.
Steph widened her eyes in surprise at Sora’s unexpected answer. Miko, on
the other hand, smiled as she intuitively knew what was going on.
“––– So that’s what happened. After unveiling your slogan that a federation
would be constructed, the two [rulers] went to leisurely stay in the
Eastern Union, and caused such a situation…… Such a devious man you
are.”
Miko stated this boldly, but Sora smiled all the same when replying.
“Professional issues should be handled by professionals… Politics is
something Steph can handle with absolutely no problems.”
“…… Adding on the fact that [you two were not present] is even more of a
blow.”
“Yeah, because we were worried that other countries might take the
opportunity to interfere with stately affairs.”
––– Ino and Steph were shocked back from their frozen states when they
heard that statement.
However, it was Shiro who continued the speech while she looked over
several documents.
“…… [when Nii and Shiro are absent]…… no matter how you think of
it…… [it’s a trap]……”
Then… she continued speaking.
“…… only an idiot……. would jump straight into such a trap.”
“That crowd of idiots was comparing you against the game matches they
usually have with Shiro and I… But Steph had continuously learnt from her
defeats, so they didn’t have even a 10,000 to 1 chance of defeating her.
That’s why we could feel at ease when we focused our efforts on the
Eastern
Union ♪”
Steph and Ino were at a loss for words. They stood stunned and speechless.
But Sora’s expression turned more serious than ever.
“But that’s too many, right, Steph? Why did you accept all those challenges?”
––– Hearing those words made Steph froze in that moment.
In other words…… if that really was true… then why did I accept all of those
challenges?
The contents of the game and the choice of whether to accept it were all to
be decided by the party who was challenged.
Why did I force myself to be so busy…
Steph’s eyes were wide open while she questioned herself, but Sora
continued with his next sentence……
“Steph… although I rely greatly on you, you don’t have to push yourself too
hard, and also… how do I put this.”
Sora was scratching his head and slightly embarrassed when he spoke.
“Thank you.”
––– The very line she wanted to hear.
She had worked so desperately to her current state just for him to think
that way.
When her mind began to understand the meaning behind her falling tears,
she felt her temperature rise… and her cheeks flushed concurrently…
“N-No…… It’s because you guys are such an unfathomable mystery so I’m
just trying to deal with all the work as fast as I can… That’s all there is to it!”
Steph spoke in stammers as Sora was moving closer to her.
The rate of her heartbeat was increasing endlessly.
Sora said, “Then, Steph, I’m sorry to trouble you when you’re already so
tired. As Miko-sama said, we have to advance to the capital of the Sirens.”
“Eh? Ah, ok…… th-then what?”
Steph avoided his line of sight.
But Sora was glancing in a different direction.
Over there was a black girl with an appearance of great misfortune on
her face she never seen before.
“The Sirens and the Dhampirs are about to go extinct, so we’re going to save
them, or rather I’d say…”
Then, he resumed his usual deemphasized tone when speaking.
“We’re going to get the resources and territories… which are what we are
fatally lacking to construct a federation with the Eastern Union.”
Hearing Sora’s declaration, Steph’s eyes felt slightly hot.
Indeed…
Sure enough… this man was thinking for the sake of all of Elchea…
It was Shiro’s turn to close in on her.
“…… Steph…… Do you know how to sew……?”
“––– What?”
“To put it simply, we want to go to the beach. Can you please make a
swimsuit for everyone? We’ll pass the designs to you.”
––– In other words, more work.
With a smile on her face, Steph fainted without speaking a word–––……
Chapter 2 - Strategist/The Sun
Part 1
- The sea.
When it comes to vacation spots, they could probably be divided into two
main categories, mountain regions and areas close to seas or oceans.
During summer, many people will instinctively flock to these places,
like moths gathering at a lamp.
- To be honest, the stubborn grains of sand that refuse to get off the body,
one’s skin being exposed to the sun for long periods of time, such that it
brings pain and discomfort to the body, while the sea wind corrodes
one’s hair every second; thinking about it, it’s hard to understand why
exactly people come to places like these.
But – a hateful place like this, once certain conditions change, it’s an
entirely different matter.
“- Phew… how blissful.”
Under a parasol that looked like a Japanese oil-paper umbrella, Sora lay on
a grass-woven bed, with a glass in his hand.
At both sides of Sora, were multiple Werebeasts that appeared to be Miko’s
followers who were fanning him with giant leaves.
Their hanten[10] that were spread open at the chest area – which apparently
was the preferred swimsuit of the Eastern Federation – revealed their
breasts, and their skin revealed underneath the cloth that covered only the
lower half of the body, in comparison with their ears and tails covered in
animal fur, appeared even more flashy and attractive than the sun itself.
Sora shook the cup in his hand, and thought – This is Heaven.
“…Sora-san, to think that you can remain unfazed under this sort of heat…
you must be enjoying yourself.”
“Yeah! Isn’t this all because of Jibril’s secret sunblock concocted from light
spirits? Moving on –“ [11]
Ino spoke calmly, while Sora replied with a hint of suspicion in his
voice without even turning around:
“Old man, I’m not intentionally looking at you, but you aren't wearing just
a loincloth again, right?”
“Sora-san, what you just said was pretty strange… besides loincloths; do
men have any other clothing choices when it comes to water-related
activities?”
As Sora had predicted – wearing only a loincloth – a muscular old man
replied while tilting his head.
Sora sighed in frustration, then spoke while pointing at himself:
“Let me tell you something old man, look at me, what do you think?”
“- Sora-san, you have that sort of fetish?”
“Are you senile!? Old man~~!! Shorts and a shirt! This is standard
swimwear as well!”
Sora stood up and backed down a few steps, then yelled after hearing the
reply filled with disgust.
Ino shook his head helplessly.
“You don’t wish for other people to see your frail body, but that's fine, Sorasan,
since it’s plain manners to cover up one’s embarrassing spots.”
“I just don’t want to become a muscular guy like you! Also, don’t call me
frail! Since the FPS match I had against Izuna, I realized that stamina is
important as well, I may not look like it, but I have been training!”
Sora yelled, choked slightly, then lay down again.
- He was surprised himself as he could only do fifty push-ups and sit-ups
each, but he didn’t need to say that.
“…Let’s change the subject, aren’t they done yet?”
“Girls take a long time to change you know, Sora-san – pardon me, haven’t
you heard?”
“It’s hard talking to Old Man Muscles, can’t you detect my sarcasm!? Can’t
you!?”
Sora yelled coldly, then looked behind him.
“Hey, Shiro, you’re not done yet?”
“…Mm, I need… a bit more time…”
Behind Sora – Shiro’s reply drifted from the shade behind a clump of trees.
Something that sounded like clothing scraping about could be heard,
it seemed that she was having trouble wearing her clothes by herself.
“Wouldn’t it be fine if she’d changed with the other girls in the
changing room?”
“Yes, that was what I suggested, after which I was chased out by someone…
and that someone was you!”
Sora and Shiro cannot be apart, not even when changing clothes.
That was an unspoken fact, so Sora as usual, naturally, automatically,
attempted to enter the female changing room with Shiro –
But then he was chased out, which resulted in the current situation.
“Trying to peek at Miko-sama naked, even if that sort of thing were to be
permitted by God (Tet), I would still refuse!”
“Miko-san already said she doesn’t mind -!”
Sora felt only remorse at retreating from the changing room only due to
a menacing glare from a loincloth-wearing muscular old man.
- Now let’s think of a way to cheat Ino, and sneak into the changing room.
Just as Sora began to formulate his master plan –
“…I’m done, des.”
“Oh... it’s Izuna indeed, you look cute no matter what you wear.”
- Hearing the voice of a young girl, Ino suddenly took on the voice of a
compassionate grandfather and turned around.
Upon seeing Izuna who was the earliest to finish changing, Ino sighed in
relief.
“I heard the swimsuit was suggested by Sora-san – I initially thought it
would be some immoral clothing.”
“You’re too shallow, old man, first! It’s common sense that young girls have
to wear 「School swimsuits」!”
Izuna waved her large tail around while stepping lightly on the beach.
That swimsuit was – from Sora’s world… an old-fashioned school swimsuit.
Of course, that was something that didn’t exist in this world.
To elaborate further, even the Eastern Federation didn’t possess a
chemical fiber like polyester.
But – school swimsuits were originally woven with silk before the
Second World War.
So this was a perfectly woven product created by Steph, closely following
the detailed instructions listed on Sora’s tablet.
Steph – you’ve really outdone yourself.
“…But it really doesn’t reveal a lot of skin.”
“Let me say this again, you’re too shallow, old man. Without the seasoning
of culture, how could this be considered romantic!?”
- Yes, on top of the school swimsuit Izuna was wearing, she also had on a
long-sleeved kimono resembling a hanten not unlike what the
Werebeasts around her were wearing.
Kemonomimi, young girls, school swimsuits, not to mention the seasoning
of the Eastern Federation’s culture -!
- This is – - Sora’s - 「Solution」…
Izuna walked in front of Sora, then as though wanting to see how she
looked like from behind, twirled around in a circle.
“Is this alright, des?”
“It’s perfect… you were almost criminally cute in the first place, but now
you could be classified as a national treasure.”
Looking at Sora who had a smile of a normal,cheerful teenager on his face
and was giving a thumbs-up of approval, Ino –
“...I don’t really understand but, I give my sincerest approval of this since
you didn’t let my granddaughter wear any immoral clothing.”
- spoke.
“U, um… I’m done changing.”
“Oh, Steph, you really did a great job –“
Hearing Steph’s embarrassed voice, Sora turned around to thank her – but
froze momentarily instead.
Steph’s cheeks were bright red, just like the impression her normal
clothes left on others, the swimsuit she was wearing was a modified twopiece
with added ruffles and a belt made from semi-transparent material,
and her eyes continually darted from side to side.
From what Sora knew, Elchea shouldn’t have possessed that sort of
「Swimsuit」.
Speaking of Elchea’s swimsuits there was only – that.
Like 17th-century Eastern Europe, their swimsuits were full-bodied
female lingerie and looked old-fashioned, which was the only swimsuit
Elchea possessed.
Because of that, Sora had to plead Steph to make a new swimsuit.

From her expression, she had probably selected a swimsuit she liked
from Sora and Shiro’s catalogue as well.
But the reason why Sora froze on the spot wasn’t the swimsuit.
The real reason was because he saw 「That」 which was large enough to
the point of almost bursting from the swimsuit – and the numbers
endlessly flashing in his brain made him freeze.
“- I, impossible! Eighty-nine, fifty-eight, eighty-nine… the power levels are
at five hundred thousand -!?”
“You – how did you know – No! What are you talking about!!”
The power level scanner within his head calculated Steph’s stunningly
high 「Bust measurements」, making Sora tremor uncontrollably.
Things like this existed!
Did I miss it since the steam was too dense earlier!?
“…Ugh, ugh… to think that a mere Steph would have such high standards -!”
“Eh, ah! R, really? I, it’s nothing…”
Steph wiggled nervously, appearing rather glad with herself.
Sora was about to say something else to her, but –
“I apologize, Master, because it took a long time to 「Weave」 this into
a fashion of your preference.”
“Haha, it’s fine, making men wait is a custom of a good woman as well!”
Hearing the two voices, everyone turned around at once – suddenly, Sora’s
power level scanner exploded and flew away.
Sora and Ino didn’t have the time to think, instead following their
instincts, both of them kneeled on the floor in a worshipping fashion, as
though it was obligatory for them to do so.
What they saw when they turned around was – two goddesses.
The two goddesses – one of them was Jibril.
Her hair that was changing colors seemingly endlessly according to the rays
of light shooting down from the sky was waving around in the sea-wind and
sun, appeared even more beautiful and dazzling.
That structural beauty almost at the point of perfection would make
any sculptor’s heart melt upon first sight.
And that artwork of a body, was wearing the swimsuit Sora had
recommended.
Jibril normally wore extremely revealing clothes as well, so Sora had
selected a swimsuit resembling a coverall with the abdominal area woven
with silk.
She had used a large female shawl as a sort of belt wrapped around her
waist, and her faintly glowing wings protruded from it.
The halo spinning around on her head, added a sort of holy aura to her.
Her indisputable beauty would unquestionably convince others that she
was a goddess descended from the heavens.
The two goddesses – the second one was Miko.
Her golden hair, ears, tail and snow-white skin, under the bright glow of
the sun, was exactly like – a Buddha.
With her subtle body curves, if Jibril was considered an extreme beauty
– then she would be a supreme one.
Her delicate skin that was usually hidden under a kimono was now
completely coated with a swimsuit resembling another hanten.
But the swimsuit was spread out like a butterfly in the night, revealing her
pink and tender shoulders, making her appear unbelievably beautiful.
Her golden hair and twin tails would shake as she stepped along the
beach, along with the flirtatious smile on her face would convince anyone
that an immortal, godlike fox demon – a heavenly fox presiding over one
actually exists.
The two men still kneeling on the ground, had tears flowing down
their cheeks.
They were praying to an unknown existence for reasons they themselves
did not know.
“…Hatsuse Ino, has finally realized why he lives and exists upon this earth -
!”
“Oh, dear god! I don’t know where you are, nor who you are, but you are a
God of exceptional tastes for creating Jibril and Miko upon this earth – ah,
please take me in as your disciple…”
- The creation of a religion.
Steph and Izuna witnessed this precious moment, however –
“- Well, it’s true that something like this would happen when compared
to them… but isn’t the way we’re being treated a bit too far off?”
“…? Did they get sand in their eyes, des?”
Looking at the two men who were still kneeling in complete reverence,
Izuna tilted her head in confusion.
“Ah, Master, I am not worthy of such praise, please get up!!”
“Mm, rise, how about you lift up your heads, and properly enjoy the
privilege of witnessing me in a swimsuit?”
Jibril immediately knelt and began kowtowing upon seeing Sora’s
actions, while Miko laughed aloud instead.
Hearing the words spoken by the two women, Sora and Ino stood up in
trepidation.
Again setting their eyes upon the two’s sacred figures, Sora and Ino looked
up to the sky at once.
“…I feel like I’ve enjoyed myself immensely already.”
“…Yes, I feel accomplished as well.”
“..Let’s go back.”
“…It’s rare that we see eye-to-eye, Sora-san.”
- Both of them were becoming philosophical.
The two that were usually like fire and water, at that point, didn’t have
any barriers between them, and the gap between races had been bridged.
They were instead both men, looking up at the same sky, carrying the
same thoughts within themselves, sympathetic towards each other.
- Why does everyone have to fight amongst each other?
The world is such a beautiful place –
“No, please wait! Why did we come here in the first place?”
Steph yelled at the two men who were still undergoing revelations in
the horizon.
- Eh?
“…Why is that?”
“Please allow me to answer, Master, I believe we were here to pay a visit to
the capital of the Seirenes.”
…Ah, right, Sora finally remembered.
- Yes, exactly as Jibril had said, they hadn’t come here to play in the ocean.
It was Plum who had said that the Seirens would send a boat to fetch
them, which was why they came.
Because the capital of the Seirens – 「Oceando」 was at the bottom of
the sea.
Jibril had never been there and she couldn’t see it as well, so she couldn’t
teleport them there.
So, according to their earlier arrangement, Plum would guide them from
here, but –
“Hmm? What happened to Plum who said she’d guide us earlier?”
“I, I’m here…”
“Whoa!?”
A soft voice drifted up from near his feet, making Sora jump in surprise.
He didn’t know when it had appeared, but a pair of eyes looked up at him
from a wooden crate which presence he couldn’t detect until earlier next
to his legs.
“…Eh, is this Plum? What are you doing, this is the sea, the sea you know.”
“D, don’t be so inconsiderate… t, this is already my limit!” Plum answered.
Patterns began appearing around her not unlike those when she used
magic – and tears appeared in her eyes.
“Master, sunlight is fatal to the Dhampir, even when she’s hiding in the
box, she still needs to avert the rays of the sun –“
Hearing Jibril’s words, Sora recalled the 「Disease」.
Since it was transmitted through blood-sucking, it would mean that
the Dhampir themselves wouldn’t be able to see the sun.
“…Oceande only sends their 「Reception Boat」 at night! Why did we have
to come during the day…”
- That’s right.
She had said earlier, the boat would only come after sunset.
Plum complained in frustration, why had they come in the daytime which
was like a hellish frying pan to her.
“No, but this is the sea, you want me to skip the swimsuits in a situation
like this, are you for real?”
- If not for Jibril’s secret 「Sunblock」, Sora wouldn’t have come in the
day either.
“Oh yeah, Jibril, is the sunblock useless on Plum?”
“Sadly, Master, for the Dhampir, 「Being hit by sunlight」 is the cause
of death.”
Jibril stated that there was no possible solution, but was corrected by Plum.
“Ah, no… it’s fine if an even stronger spell is cast… but it would use up too
much energy.”
They remembered how exhausted she had looked when she had first came
to Sora’s and everyone else’s residence.
Which means, for her to walk around unfazed under a blazing sun like
this, she would probably end up in that state again.
“Um, about that… because of the quality of the Seirens’ blood, well, I’m
unable to use too much of my strength… so…”
Suddenly, a sweet smile appeared on Plum’s face.
“Again! As long as you let me lick Shiro-sama’s feet, I can successfully use
magic ~ ehehe ~ ☆”
“Absolutely not, you’d better stay quietly in that box.”
With her suggestion immediately rejected, Plum could only shut the box
again while sighing.
“…Hey, considering that they’re ranked twelfth place, aren’t the Dhampir a
bit too weak?”
- Even when comparing with the preset abilities of the vampires back in
his world, Sora still thought this way.
“The ability of the Dhampir corresponds with the blood that they have
consumed – the thicker the soul essence, the stronger their power.”
Jibril replied.
“If combined with something that has a high affinity with confusion or
concealing magic – like let’s say, the blood of an Elf, 「Assassins」 that are
extremely hard to deal with would be birthed, and those actually do pose
a large threat on the battlefield.”
…So that’s how it is, Sora remembered the first night.
It was a moment of carelessness, but even Jibril was tricked by her, and now
–
“- Now it’s been reduced to this…”
Looking down at the box at his feet, Sora spoke with his eyes half open.
It was obvious that she was still trembling within the box, with more tears
in her eyes.
“- I was thinking since earlier, the Elves and the Flügel, have only a onerank
difference, so wouldn’t your strength be about the same? She can
drink the blood of an Elf, but she would evaporate upon drinking Jibril’s
blood right?”
Sora asked while pointing to the wooden box at his feet, while Jibril replied:
“Yes, because on the rankings there is a 「Segmentation」.”
“Segmentation?”
“Essentially speaking, those below the seventh rank are 「Living
Beings」, while those above are classified as 「Life」.”
“…Which means?”
“Those that possess a physical body of flesh, and use typical methods of
reproduction are commonly classified as 「Living Beings」, which end at
the Elves that are ranked seventh; while those above possess the strength
of will or concept, which you could think of those as 「Life」.”
- Mm, so essentially speaking –
That was a watershed incomprehensible using common sense, was how
Sora interpreted it.
“Also, the ones ranked just above Jibril – are the Gigants right? What’s the
difference in strength between you and that race?”
“…Let me think, for a standard Gigant, it would be too inadequate to kill it
with the strength of just one, so more realistically speaking, I think I’d
need five other companions – eh? Do you have plans of hunting one?”
“No, I don’t, so stop looking so excited!”
This person over here with a disappointed expression on her face – could
single-handedly take down an Elf at the top of those classified as 「Living
Beings」.
But she needed the strength of six to take down a Gigant ranked in the
fifth position.
- It was a miracle that those below the seventh survived the 「Great War」.
Especially the Imanity, or should I say us – ah, right.
“Speaking of us… hey~! Shiro, are you still not done?”
Suddenly, Sora realized a long period of time had passed, so he directed his
question to the shrubbery behind him.
“…Mm.”
Reacting to Sora’s voice, Shiro stuck her head out from behind a tree.
She looked hesitant as though she didn’t dare to come out.
“What is it? Shiro, do you still hate the sunlight? If you’re uncomfortable
you don’t have to force yourself!”
Although she had Jibril’s special sunblock on, Shiro still hated the sunlight.
Not to mention Shiro’s hatred of it was even greater than Sora’s, which of
course Sora knew – in response to Sora that cared for her, Shiro –
Shaking her head continually, although still hesitant, she still slowly walked
out from behind the trees.
“…Oh~ how beautiful.”
“Ah, isn’t this cute?”
“…Shiro, you’re really pretty, des.”
Ino, Miko and Izuna had expressed their own opinions – but Sora froze yet
again instead.
The one standing there was unquestionably his dear sister.
- That’s how it was supposed to be, but –
“-…Eh?”
The one that was nervously walking out was - 「A gemstone-like young
girl」.
Her long hair that was already as white as snow usually, was tied up at
the back of her head after careful preening.
Under the rays of the sun her hair wasn’t like snow anymore – but was
more like a crystal or a diamond.
The skin that was revealed between her white bikini and red cap, was as
though to compliment her beautiful hair or ruby-like eyes –
“…Nii…?”
- Just like her cheeks, that flushed slightly red as well.
“-Eh? Strange? Eh?”
The sense of violation from looking so dreamily at his 「Sister」, made
Sora mumble questions unconsciously.
While those mumblings made Shiro appear somewhat uneasy.
“…So it really…doesn’t look good…?”
Upon seeing Shiro say this while looking down and preparing to retreat
again into the trees, Sora appeared to return to normal again.
He hurriedly – he himself questioned as to why he was being so panicky –
shook his head forcefully.
“N, no! No!! I was just surprised since Shiro’s so beautiful – no, wait, Shiro
is a completely flawless beauty, this your brother knew since long ago! You
know that… right? Eh?”
Sora tilted his head, curious as to why he was so shocked earlier.
Jibril and Steph who were beside him looked immersed in her beauty as
well.
- Shiro looked down in embarrassment.
As her heart rate increased, her expression hinted at something else – a
tiny, appeased smile.
“…Really? That’s… good…”
…
“Master really is worthy of his title… isn’t this an unbelievably precious
piece of eye candy?”
“No, that’s not how it is, it’s normal to react to cute things ahhhh.”
Jibril appeared refreshed, with her skin pale and smooth… let out a breath
of air.
Steph wrapped her hands around her head, appearing to be undergoing
some sort of internal conflict.
“…Nii…?”
“Oh, hmm? Mm, yes, you look great! You, my sister, are my greatest pride
after all!"
Shiro walked closer to Sora, which was when Sora returned to his normal
self.
Being patted on the head by Sora, Shiro nodded her head as though finally
appeased.
“-Uh, right, Plum, can you give us an estimate of when the 「Reception
Boat」 will arrive?”
Sora felt slightly awkward, and remembering his original aim, questioned
Plum.
Hearing Sora’s words, everyone at once – looked over at Plum.
Plum revealed her face slightly from within the box, and replied:
“Um, about midnight or so –“
“-Oh, we have quite a lot of time left.”
Plum replied in a defeated voice:
“That’s why we didn’t need to come so early… waaaahhhh.”
After finishing her sentence – maybe because the sunlight was too
uncomfortable – Plum closed the box again.
“It’s fine, what difference does this make?”
Miko spoke casually, and undetected by everyone else, she had already lay
down on the grass bed Sora was using earlier, allowing her followers to fan
her with the giant leaves, she gave an elegant reply.
“Just take this as a well-deserved vacation, relax and wait for the boat, after
all one always needs a break in life right?”
Sora and Shiro scratched their heads while smiling bitterly, and exchanged
a knowing glance.
Shiro nodded her head.
“Thinking closely, this is the first time Shiro and I have been to the seaside.”
Sora’s eyes swept over Steph, Jibril, Izuna and Ino each briefly, then spoke
with a laugh.
“Wanna try having some fun suitable for the seaside?
Part 2
The blindingly white beach.
Light shimmered on the surface of the ocean, reflecting the sky like a
mirror.
Through the blue sky that appeared as though sprinkled with paint,
sunlight pierced through, and the clouds swam in the distance.
There were only the noisy sounds of the waves and in the scenery
with seagulls chirping, a few ripples sprayed about.
A group of people appeared to be playing on the section of the beach where
the water was only up to their ankles, and Shiro tossed the beach ball they
brought to the others.
“…Steph…catch.”
“I just need to pass this down right? I’m going to pass OK, Izuna?”
Nimbly catching Shiro’s pass, Steph passed the ball high in the air to Izuna.
Izuna stretched her hand out to catch the ball flying in her direction.
She tilted her head.
“…? I don’t know the rules, des.”
Maybe because she was different from Steph who could read the situations
based on the actions of others, as she didn’t understand the point of the
entire affair, Izuna spoke somewhat in a confused manner.
“Ah~ we weren’t really going to play games in the first place… but how
about this, you can’t catch the ball, just touch it once and take turns passing
the ball to each other, whoever can’t catch it will be considered the loser –
something like that.”
“…I understand, des…”
Steph smiled and looked at Izuna who nodded her head in agreement.
“This really gives off a relaxing sensation… isn’t it great to just play relaxing
games like this once in a while?”
- Just like that, Steph still had a cheery expression on her face, but she still
hadn’t realized.
Sora, Shiro and Izuna’s gazes, had become as sharp as knives.
Since the rules had already been set and elaborated upon, this – is now a
「Game」.
Which means –
(-I must win-!)
Just like that, aside from Steph who was still as relaxed as ever, the three of
them – released a burning fighting spirit…
“…Then…Shiro will start…”
Shiro spoke while asking for the ball back, silently exchanging a glance with
Sora.
- Shiro who took the ball back, nonchalantly dipped it in the seawater.
“…Here…Steph, catch…”
Just like that, the paper-made beach ball with only its bottom drenched
in water flew towards Steph without twirling in the air even the slightest.
It had even accurately – grasped the instant where there was no wind.
“OK, I’m going to pass~?”
It was a wordless exchange of schemes, but Steph passed the ball just the
same without realizing.
Shiro had messed with the ball – if Steph were to pass the ball directly,
the ball would slightly veer from the point she were to aim at.
As a result, the ball passed by Steph to Izuna spun slightly in the air.
- Because only the underside of the ball had absorbed the weight of the
water, the path of the ball would shift irregularly.
“-!”
Izuna instantly spotted the slight shift of the ball.
She kicked the floor, creating a small spray of seawater, caught up to the
ball and saved it.
It was a normal save, lightly caught by Izuna’s arm.
But, Izuna’s petite body had released the overwhelming strength of a
Warbeast when saving the ball.
- Because of that, the ball flew at an abnormal speed, approaching closer to
Sora.
However Sora remained calm, and grumbled to himself.
(So she really won’t let us win so easily!)
Izuna’s save became as if it was a deadly smash from a professional
volleyball player, and when faced with the approaching ball, Sora
intentionally dove into the sea, creating a pillar of water.
The ball went through the pillar of water – and continued to move
forward, but when it reached Sora’s position, it had nowhere near the
original speed.
Sora barely managed to use his foot to putt the ball towards Shiro.
- That was an extremely heavy ball that was completely absorbed with
water.
“…Mm! Steph… keep it up…”
Shiro passed the soaking ball that had become heavy in an instant to
Steph with some effort.
“Eh? Ah, eh!?”
Yes – she had impeccably accurately passed the ball over to a position
where Steph could just catch it.
Judging from the angle of incidence and the turning angle, even if Steph
could catch it –
“Ah, I’m sorry Izuna –“
Even if she could catch it, it would only fly to a position a fair distance
from Izuna.
- Can’t catch it.
The ball flew towards a direction where it would be impossible to catch, but
–
- Upon seeing Sora and Shiro whose mouths were curled up in victory and
were muttering 「We win」under their breaths, Izuna clenched her teeth.
“…Don’t look down on this little girl – des!!”
She kicked the floor and stepped forward – creating a pushing force.
The water originally swirling around her feet explosively spread out,
revealing the surface below it.
Izuna boosted forward as though intending to rival the force she had
just created.
Chasing the ball that was almost hovering over the ocean surface, Izuna
maintained her speed and stretched out her arms.
The ripples created by waving her arms about were strong enough to
create waves – but –
With a boom…
The surrounding water evaporated into mist, and as he saw the ball in
Izuna’s hands explode, Sora yelled loudly:
“OK, Izuna has lost!”
“-? …! Y, you cheated, des! You’re despicable, des!”
Only realizing what had happened a beat slower than the others, Izuna
protested in dissatisfaction.
Shiro replied only after exchanging a high-five with Sora.
“…The person unable to catch the ball will be considered the loser… as long
as Izuna-tan were to use her full strength… she would lose.”
That’s right, if Izuna as a Werebeast were to hit the ball that had become
heavy due to the absorbed water with her full strength, the ball would burst
as it wouldn’t be able to take the impact, thus it cannot be passed to the
next person –
Despite understanding that this was what Sora and others had planned
since the very beginning, Izuna continued to protest.
- If the ball hadn’t burst when it did, what would’ve happened?
Under the noise of the violent waves and ripples that Izuna had created
from stepping and waving her arms about… Steph asked as though
complaining:
“…You guys… don’t you ever think of just having fun normally?”
“Eh? Since it’s a game, then of course not.”
“…Not…at all…”
“Since it’s a game, isn’t it normal to strive for victory with one’s goals, des?”
Hearing the unhesitant, somewhat childish replies from the three, Steph
could only allow herself to be swept away with the waves…
Miko who was watching them from a distance spoke reverently:
“Oh… they managed to beat Izuna in sports, that’s really something… even
though they weren’t planning on using legitimate ways, but it’s really some-
!?”
- Her sentence was interrupted.
Feeling a presence behind her, Miko immediately shifted her hands to
her breasts!
But even with the superhuman reflexes of a Werebeast, she was still a
few milliseconds too slow.
With her swimsuit suddenly stripped away, she could barely shield
her breasts, but Miko managed to glare sharply at the 「Culprit」.
“-What is the meaning of this? The vermin over there?”
Jibril who was facing the brunt of her gaze feigned ignorance instead.
She was fiddling with the swimsuit she had stripped from Miko.
“According to Master’s literature, to 「Expose one’s breasts」 at a place
like this would be fate ☆”
“Oh~ really… so you must adhere to the same fate as well then?”
Miko shielded her chest, but – she slightly lowered her center of gravity.
Miko had unquestionably taken on a 「Battle Stance」, while Jibril chuckled
in response.
“Fine, no problem, but if you think a dog that can merely crawl on the floor
can take away something from me – then I advise you to quickly change
your mind-set?”
“Huh? It appears you’re in the wrong here, I clearly don’t merely crawl on
the floor you know?”
She had a smile on her face.
While their killing intents impossible to detect with the naked eye clashed
and produced sparks –
-…
“Ah, Shiro you can’t swim?”
“…Eh? Steph… you can swim?”
She had initially thought that Shiro was omnipotent, but the shock
stemming from that an astounding truth like that existed, caused Steph to
question her.
But instead Shiro was shocked by the fact that Steph could swim –
“…Amazing, des.”
“Indeed Stephanie-san is truly worthy of her name, you’re capable of not
only politics, cooking, sewing… but even proficient at swimming, however I
have a simple question – for a land-dwelling animal, is there a need to swim
in the water!?”
“Old man, you’ve spoken the best sentence of the century! A land-dwelling
animal should remain on land!!”
- The group that couldn’t swim replied as one.
Steph smiled bitterly and grasped Shiro’s hand.
“I really don’t know how to deal with you, it’s more fun to know how to
swim, here, I’ll teach you.”
“…Oh…”
“Here, I’ll hold on to your hand, just start from kicking the water with
your feet.”
Steph comforted the uninterested Shiro and began teaching from the basics.
Steph took hold of Shiro’s hand.
But –
“Uwaaaahhhh!”
“Aaaaahhhhh!”
A sudden huge wave reeled in, sweeping everyone onto the beach in an
instant.
“…Poof…aahhh…Nii…”
“WaaaaaSHIROaaaaaa!”
Seeing Shiro who was about to be swept away by the waves, Sora dashed
up to grab her.
Shiro gasped for air while grabbing onto her brother, and mumbled:
“…Nii…Shiro wants to learn… to swim!”
Maybe because the seawater got into her eyes, Shiro spoke determinedly
with tears streaking down her cheeks.
But Sora yelled towards 「The ones that created the wave」instead:
“You two over there! Can you at least respect – or at least obey the laws of
physics… can you?”
His emotional voice gradually got weaker after seeing the scene that lay
before him.
What was before him was –
On the distant sea were two battling – monsters.
“Hah, despite being so arrogant, you’re only at this standard, right, huh?”
Jibril mocked while flying across the water surface.
Right below her, Miko who had jumped out below from below the water
surface turned completely red in an instant, and stretched out her hand to
grab her.
- Miko even used 「Blood Devastation」, but Jibril still managed to dodge
that outstretched hand by a few millimeters.
But Miko directly – ran on the surface of the water – while shielding
her breasts with both hands.
Miko’s clothes that she had worn on her swimsuit, and even her hanten
appeared to have been snatched away, so she released a murderous
aura unreservedly, chasing after Jibril in an attempt to get her swimsuit
back.
“Heheh ☆ Say your prayers, I’m gonna skin you alive ☆”
So this is Miko, the representative of the Werebeasts - 「The strongest
Werebeast」?
She ran on the surface of the water – and occasionally despite only for an
instant, even soared in the air.
Every time she dove into the sea, Miko who basked in the water and
wind, had her body change from red to golden –
“…Miko-sama does live up to her name… how powerful, des.”
- Upon seeing the events unfolding before her, even Izuna couldn’t believe
her eyes, it was unquestionably a situation with no room for others to butt
in.
Sora decided to give up, and instead turned around, ignoring them.
“Mm… what a beautiful sight.”
Sora spotted Ino as he turned around, and followed his line of sight.
What he saw was a group of people swept to the shore – not only Steph and
Izuna.
The waves had appeared to strike the shore as well, dragging Miko’s
followers into the chaos as well, all of them were completely drenched –
Their subtly transparent swimsuits, created an indescribable scene.
“Oh… I see, it’s still unforgivable on their part to almost let Shiro drown,
but this is pretty stunning as well.”
Sora carried Shiro back onto the shore.
“Ah, this really is a treat for our eyes, Sora-san.”
“Yeah, it would be perfect without you.”
Trying his best not to let him enter his field of vision, Sora complained to
the muscular old man wearing only a loincloth.
Watching the group of noisy people being swept away by the waves, Steph
smiled cheerfully.
“Hah… I’ve been so busy with work recently…”
The dazzling sunlight and the white beach.
Steph returned to the waterside, and kicked the water surface lightly.
The waves created by her feet, and the wind blowing in from the sea,
seemed to drive away the fatigue from her daily routine –
“…I guess I need a rest once in a while.”
Steph spoke passionately.
Smelling the salt of the sea breeze, Steph suddenly thought to herself
when was the last time she had got the chance to relax like this?
Since Sora’s bunch came along – no, since her grandfather passed away.
It felt like she hadn’t relaxed in a few years – Steph breathed deeply.
“Isn’t it great to be able to come here…?”
Steph spoke, seemingly seeking approval from no-one.
- Beepbeepbeep.
“OK~! Cut~~ pack up! Thanks for everyone’s hard work!!”
Sora yelled with both his eyes half open.
…One after the other… everyone dragged themselves from the sea back to
the shore with the spirit and energy of half-dead bodies.
“…Ugh…my hair’s sandy…sand everywhere…”
“Phew… I apologize, Master, I really can’t enjoy the ocean… when the sea
breeze gets into my wings it makes me feel inexplicably unhappy.”
“My tail’s so heavy after absorbing all the water, des… how troublesome,
des.”
“Phew~ this feels terrible, who exactly thought of thalassotherapy[12], it’s
just plain ridiculous.”
“My sincerest apologies, Miko-sama, for troubling you to play along with
Sora-san’s tricks.”
Everyone’s moods seemed to have taken an about turn for the worse,
just like a group of actors after finishing a performance –
“…Eh? Eh?”
Steph was the only one that couldn’t keep up with the situation and was left
in the middle of the sea alone, watching everyone else return to shore.
“-Hmm? What are you doing? Steph, the filming’s done, you can come back
to the shore now.”
Sora spoke while closing the recording applications of the smartphone
and tablet computers set up at the trees along the shore.
“…Eh? Huh? What’s going on?”
“-Hmm? Sigh, Steph don’t tell me you were actually having fun earlier?”
After moving into the shade, everyone had shocked expressions on their
faces while massaging their bodies.
“…Ah, sorry, about that, Steph… actually.”
Maybe because he didn’t think that she wouldn’t notice at all, Sora spoke
somewhat awkwardly:
“…Among everyone here…none of us like the ocean at all…”
- 「…Mm…」
Everyone agreed while nodding vigorously.
Amongst them Miko looked particularly disturbed.
She spoke while grooming her golden fur:
“Although I was trying to play along with the 「Common practices」 that
Sora was talking about… I still don’t really understand… there’s a ton of
sand on my tail… how am I going to get this off?”
“Shiro-san – now!”
Jibril’s eyes lit up all of a sudden, and she quickly passed something to
Shiro.
- At the same time, Shiro’s eyes lit up as well and gave Jibril a thumbs-up,
saying “Good job.”
“…Miko-san…I suggest that you use…this brush and…hair conditioner.”
“R, really? Thank you very much.”
“…Fondle…phew…”
Ingeniously finding an excuse to achieve her goal, Shiro let out a
conniving laugh, and buried her head in Miko’s golden tail.
And Sora was holding the exact same thing that had mysteriously appeared
in his hands.
“Ya~hoo~! Then I’ll help Izuna as well –“
“I’ll help Izuna groom her fur, here, Izuna come over here.”
Ino blocked his path instead.
Their eyes met – and both men glared at each other.
“…Old man, how about you go clean your own tail?”
“If Sora-san were to groom her fur Izuna would be contaminated by your
malicious air, how about Sora-san you take care of your frail body
instead!?”
Izuna ignored their quarrel, and unhesitatingly walked forward –
And sat down in front of Ino.
“Hurry up, des.”
“…”
“..Old man, being able to incur the killing intent of others without speaking,
is that sort of expression a special ability of the Werebeasts as well?”
Looking at Ino’s expression that was so cheerful he could almost hear cries
of pleasure coming from him, Sora’s veins began to pulsate violently on his
forehead.
…With a whishing sound, the waves brushed against Steph’s feet.
- It seemed that everyone had forgotten about Steph’s existence
completely…
Part 3
- The sun was about to sink below sea level.
“…Heheh, the sunset is so beautiful… heheheh…”
Sitting on the beach while hugging her knees, as though she had escaped
into a world of her own, what was on Steph’s face was… a smile.
- Suddenly Sora shouted.
“- I’m bored.”
Hearing that, everyone turned to look at Sora.
“Ugh, how despicable to run away after you’ve won, des.”
All this time until sunset, Sora and Izuna were playing with the DSP, Shogi,
tic-tac-toe and other games in the shade of the trees, all these activities that
would make one question why they’d bother to come to the sea in the first
place, and upon hearing Sora’s exclamation, Izuna protested, refusing to
give in.
“Ah, it’s not that, it’s not because I’m bored of playing games with Izuna.”
Sora stood up while speaking and shouted at the wooden box:
“Hey, Plum, shouldn’t the Reception Boat be here by now?”
“”Ah!””
- It appears that everyone had forgotten their original purpose, and cried
out in surprise involuntarily.
Plum stuck her head out from under the box.
Maybe because she was using magic continuously for a period of time,
Plum’s exhausted expression once again reminded everyone of her
expression when they first met. She replied:
“Um, I, didn’t I say that they’d only be here about midnight…”
“The battery power of my handhelds and my tablet computer is running
out, and I’m getting bored.”
“That’s why I said we came too early…”
The still-exhausted Plum complained dissatisfiedly.
While Sora behaved like a kid throwing a tantrum.
“No, I’m bored, I want to go now, either that or I’m going back.”
“Why’re you saying something childish like that…”
Plum appeared defeated, while Sora ignored her and exchanged a glance
with Miko and Shiro.
Ever since they reached the shore, Miko was being stroked by Shiro in the
shade of the trees, and Shiro was stroking Miko all this time as well.
- They nodded slightly, and spoke at once.
“Exactly… it is pretty boring here.”
“…Mm…Shiro is…tired…”
“Eh… why’re even you two saying such capricious things…”
Plum appeared heartbroken, while Sora opened his mouth to speak.
“Jibril.”
“Here.”
At his call, Jibril immediately appeared from thin air.
“Have you got the position?”
“Yes, the position calculated by the Masters should be correct.”
- Calculated?
Plum appeared confused, while Sora took out his tablet PC.
On the map detailing the perimeter of the Eastern Federation, the records
of their trading with Oceande had been recorded as well, and thus he had
deduced the rough position of the 「City」.
Pointing to the direction indicated by its position – Sora looked towards
the horizon and said:
“OK, that’s enough – do it.”
“- I obey?!”
Hearing Sora’s words, Jibril was unable to hide the jubilant expression on
her face while kneeling on the floor to accept his order.
“Eh? W, what are you doing…?”
Plum asked uneasily, but Ino was about to ask the same question.
Ino’s 「Instinct」as a Werebeast warned him of something.
To elaborate, it seemed that the situation needed to be stopped.
Whatever these people were about to do – it definitely wouldn’t be
something good.
So Ino glanced sideways at Miko.
He let out a breath of relief only after seeing Miko nod her head slightly
to indicate 「It’s all right」.
But as he saw Miko smile as though to say 「Be careful though」, Ino’s
face paled.
Sora lifted up Shiro, and spoke a single sentence.
“We’ll go off ourselves, everyone back off.”
After which, Sora and others left the waterside, which was when Jibril
asked:
“- Master, is it really OK to be doing this?”
She appeared impatient – but she still made the final confirmations
excitedly.
“It’s fine, besides won’t the power of the 「Ten Oaths」 come into effect?”
「The First」 of the Ten Oaths.
- All bloodshed, war and pillage is forbidden throughout the world.
“Any actions with harming intent, and any actions seen as involving
violence, will be canceled due to the limitations of the oaths – conversely
speaking, actions not involving harming intent won’t be cancelled. Which
means the 「Only God (Tet)」has guaranteed that when we do it, that
action won‘t be considered as violating the rights of anyone, so –“
Sora revealed a daring smile, and gave a thumbs-up.
“Make it as large as you can.”
Hearing his response, Jibril as though receiving a sacred order
ceremoniously bowed, but her facial expression contrasted with her actions
as she smiled in relief. Jibril stood up.
“Hahah, hahahahah~ I don’t know how many years it’s been since I’ve last
used this, hehehe~ I’m looking forward to this~…”
Jibril had an intoxicated expression on her face, and mumbled to herself
so. At this time her surroundings –
- Suddenly distorted.
Apparently the light – no, as though space itself had twisted, everything
became distorted with their shapes changing.
- 「The Ten Oaths」.
The usage of violence in this world – any actions intending to cause harm
will be prevented by the power of the oaths.
Regarding this, Ino understood perfectly, but when personally faced
with those events, goosebumps still appeared on his skin.
“OK, everyone get back!”
Miko ordered calmly but sharply.
This sentence, made all present Werebeasts, as though their bodies and
free will had separated from themselves, reflexively leap backward.
“…Eh? What’s happening?”
Due to Miko’s loud yell, Steph finally snapped back to reality. [13]
- Suddenly, she realized she was the only one that was particularly close to
the ocean.
Crash – a sound outside of the audible range caused the area to tremor.
The sand on the beach even ignored gravity and began dancing about,
while space continued to distort.
The space that was slowly distorting and changing shape began to gather
at Jibril’s hands.
Plum was the only other one there who could see magic – the only other
one that could see Spirits.
But as she looked at what Jibril was doing, she still appeared completely
confused.
Judging from Sora’s explanation earlier… it wasn’t surprising.
What Jibril was doing was – 「Absorbing all Spirits in the area」.
When the Spirits that are supposed to be in a place are removed, then one
naturally wouldn’t be able to see anything, just like a black hole.
And – in Jibril’s hands, the absorbed Spirits were being compressed,
squeezed, condensed, minimized, concentrated, and finally let out a glow of
light.
Even though Imanity that can’t see spirits, Sora and Shiro were able to see
clearly what was going on.
In Jibril’s right hand, a swirling vortex-like pillar of light gradually began
to form.

Regarding things related to magic or Spirits, Sora and Shiro could neither
comprehend nor detect them, but –
The halo on Jibril’s head had become a ball of light from spinning way too
fast.
Which could only mean one thing.
“…Hey, eh? You’re joking! Eh? Eh~~!?”
Plum who had finally realized what was going on, hurriedly tried to seek
shelter, yet yelled instead as she was unable to free herself from the box.
Yes, this scene could only mean one thing.
And that is Jibril was preparing to cast a spell that was, at least by Sora and
Shiro’s standards, never-before-seen, at a completely inhuman and
irregular dimension.
As the shape was not fixed at all, 「It」 could neither be classified as a
sword or a spear.
But Jibril was grasping tightly onto it with her right hand.
And she – slowly raised it – revealing a sweet smile.
“So then Master…”
“I will use - 「A B O U T F I V E P E R C E N T」 of my full power then?”
Jibril’s right hand descended with a speed as though to leave her previous
sentence in the dust.
That was all Sora and others could witness.
It was like hearing thunder only slightly after lightning strikes.
After a few seconds, along with an exploding sound loud enough to quake
the earth, a huge wave swept up tall enough to reach the heavens –
It was almost as if jokingly - 「The sea parted」. And
then –
“Kyaaaaaaaaaahhhh!”
“Aaaaahhhhhhhhhh!”
The aftershock from the impact, swept Steph and Plum still in the box over
to Sora and others.
- This is what they saw after that.
“Phew…? It’s such a great feeling to be able to use my powers.”
As though greatly relaxed, Jibril had an invincible, cheerful smile on her
face. “I hope the time will come – where I get to use 100% full power?”
Hearing that, even Sora and Shiro released a cold sweat.
Only 5% was enough to part the ocean, shaming even Moses… they
suddenly recalled –
Jibril had previously unleashed full force upon the Elves, which means a
100% 「Airstrike」.
They hadn’t completely blocked it, but they did manage to deflect it
partially
–
“…The Elves…Fii’s bunch really is amazing.”
“…Nod.”
The both of them couldn’t resist commenting – while Shiro nodded in
respect for her who wasn’t present at the time.
As for their inner thoughts, Jibril of course knew nothing.
“Anyway we can now 「See」 the capital of the Seirens, so I can teleport
you anytime.”
…The five senses of the Werebeasts were at their physical peaks.
Certainly not to say Ino, Izuna and even Miko could only see the horizon.
Maybe because the previous strike had bent the light, for Jibril that had
said she could 「See」 it earlier, everyone remained speechless.
- Sora looked at everyone who had backed away earlier.
“OK, everyone, let’s go, grab onto Jibril.”
Miko and the Werebeasts appeared defeated, and returned to the beach in
trepidation.
“I had known this since earlier… but to see it myself, it’s just like a bad
joke.”
“…Ugh… the best course of action would be not to get involved with the
Flügel at all…”
Plum climbed out from the broken wooden box, and spoke after Miko,
luckily, the sun had already set.
Ino then yelled in panic:
“Sora-san! Please don’t let Miko-sama hear 「That noise」!”
Ino called out, apparently afraid of the sound of space distorting created by
long-distance teleportation.
“Ah, he’s right, Jibril.”
“Yes, I understand, so – everyone please grab tightly… ah, hey, Dora-chan
stop sleeping already, get up.”
“…Eh? Huh? What happened – w, what is this!? The sea parted!?”
Steph yelled alone, while everyone else ignored her reaction and gathered
around Jibril.
“So we’ll teleport now, off to the capital of the Seirens – Oceande.”
Jibril’s wings began glowing again, and her halo spun faster and faster.
“The distance is three hundred and seventy-eight point twenty-three
kilometers, but the parted ocean waters are about to return to normal.”
As though in response to her words, the seawater rumbled and began to
return to their original position.
“So, I predict that Oceande won’t have any air.”
“Ah, I, it’s fine, I have a spell for breathing underwater –“
It was unclear whether they didn’t hear Plum, or whether they were
simply ignoring her –
“So – I’m going to teleport the air in a radius of two hundred meters along
with us then?”
“-Eh?”
“Get back!”
Miko’s voice rang out once again.
Hearing this, aside from Ino and Izuna – even the Werebeasts that were
with them at the seaside previously hurriedly left as well.
- In an instant.
Leaving behind only the exploding noise at an extremely high
frequency created by space shattering, the group disappeared.
“”Kyaaaaaahhhhhhhh!””
As the air that was removed refilled itself, an explosively low air pressure
was created.
A miniscule tornado began blowing, and the remaining Werebeast
females grabbed onto tree trunks in defense – while any who could
witness that scene… were gone.
Chapter 3 - Charmer/ssǝɹdɯƎ ǝɥ⊥
Part 1
- 「Oceande」…the underwater city where both the Seirens and
Dhampir reside.
It did not carry out trade with any other nation, being a truly selfproviding
hermit country.
Being at the bottom of the sea, it cannot be reached through normal means.
And exactly because of this, a bunch of people came forth with abnormal
means.
Jibril parted the sea, and the place she teleported to was a tower high
enough to overlook the whole of Oceande.
The depth was about two hundred meters, and if that amount of
seawater were to flow back in…
“Something like this would happen…”
Miko, who was standing behind Sora let out a sigh, and what she was
looking at was – the other side of the air bubble Jibril had created.
The sand and rocks at the bottom of the ocean were violently tossed and
turned as though they were in a gigantic blender.
No matter how powerful Jibril was, she would be unable to use violence
due to the limitations of the 「Oaths」.
If the 「Oaths」 did exercise their power, then no harm should have
been caused to anyone…
“…You’re sure that this won’t hit the city or anyone else, right?”
“No, not at all. The 「Ten Oaths」are absolute, so it’s fine. There won’t be
a problem… probably.”
Sora attempted to comfort himself as the tides calmed around him. The
sand settled, and the seawater became clear once again.
“- Oh, this really is something.”
“…Beautiful…”
Sora and Shiro spoke their thoughts regarding the huge and wide city
below them.
Completely different from how fairytale-like and simplistic Sora thought
it would be, it was really a great 「City」.
Immeasurable amounts of buildings that appeared to be built from stones
from the bottom of the sea stood side by side.
The walls that were giving off a pearly glow had shells and corals pasted on
them like bricks, creating wonderfully bright and fresh colors. Possibly due
to the buoyancy of the water, complex formations and reverse cone-shaped
buildings could be seen – which was when Sora spoke:
“…Hmm? Why isn’t everything blue?”
At the bottom of the sea, only blue rays of light from the sun should be able
to reach. The person to answer his question was Shiro.
“…Nii, it’s probably… those.”
Shiro pointed to the countless glowing seaweeds and jellyfish –
completely natural 「Streetlights」.
- It was no wonder that the city itself was glowing.
“Oh come on, don’t treat me like an idiot. Anyway, isn't this a great-looking
city?”
“…Hah, thanks for the compliment…”
Plum replied with a bitter smile that carried hints of defeat and
humiliation. “Because this place was built and maintained by the
Dhampirs… haha…” …Sora couldn’t find any words to say to her, and
instead turned around.
Jibril, Izuna and Steph were surveying their surroundings curiously,
while Miko appeared as composed as ever.
And –
“- Sora-san…what is the meaning…of this…?”
Ino asked painfully, apparently impacted by the noise from their
teleportation.
“I did adhere to your request since Izuna and Miko appear to be fine, so you
have to thank Jibril for this!”
“…Ah~ I have no problem with that, but could you just let me say
something?”
Miko looked at Sora, Shiro and Jibril in turn, and took a deep breath. “-
You people, there’s got to be a limit to your ignorance…”
“Eh?”
“…Is there…a problem?”
“Oh, does the carnivorous subgenus of a mutt have something to say?”
The three ignorant people tilted their heads in curiosity at once.
While the few with some common sense – Steph spoke loudly as though
representing Miko:
“P-parting the sea like that, no matter how you look at it it just seems like
an act of hostility doesn’t it!? So, how are you planning to get us to their
queen at this rate?”
“They invited us in the first place, and it was they as well who made us
wait, so since we’re running out of time and in a hurry we came here
ourselves. Considering Jibril’s hard work, they should be thanking us and
receiving us with song and dance, shouldn’t they?”
Miko and Izuna’s senses told them that Sora was spouting lies yet again, and
they shut their mouths half-heartedly.
The remaining Werebeast – Ino continued to rub his ears while moaning
in pain.
“…Ah~ about that don’t you worry… look over there.”
But as they heard Plum speak, everyone looked in the direction she was
pointing at once.
Countless people began darting out of the city and hurriedly began
proceeding in their direction.
- Females with the lower half of their bodies covered with scales and
resembling fish tails, and the upper half of their bodies human-shaped.
Their breasts were shielded with small wraps of cloth, and their necks
and hands had what appeared to be leftover jewelry on them.
Their resemblances were exactly the same as fairytale beings -
「Mermaids」.
“…Ah, so those are the Seirens? Great, luckily everything’s going as
planned.”
If the things that came out were beings like Cthulhu Sora would be more
than ready to flip tables, but he felt relieved at this development. [14]
“G-guys look over there, all those people are panicking… they really must be
angry.”
Steph spoke uneasily while looking at the Seirens standing in front of their
air bubble, after which –
“Eh, eh…?”
Steph opened her eyes wide in shock.
The Seirens were gracefully swimming while spinning round and round in
the water, displaying their glittering scales.
Their incredibly colorful jewelry made of corals and pearls displayed on
their smooth, snow-white skin swayed about along with the current.
No fixed rhythm could be detected from their movements.
The glowing jellyfish were lit up by blue rays of light, the schools of fish
of varying colors, not to mention the mermaids gracefully swimming –
Such a dreamlike sight would attract anyone’s attention, which
probably meant –
“…Nii, this is their grateful and welcoming…dance.”
“- Apparently so… l-look here, Steph, didn’t I say there wasn’t a problem!”
“These people really are magnanimous as the ocean is deep…”
After a while, a Seiren that appeared to be wearing the most beautiful
jewelry swam forth –
She waved both her hands, and her mouth opened and closed randomly.
Observing her motions, Steph tilted her head, not understanding what
was going on, while Sora realized what was going on.
“We’re in the air Jibril created for us, and they’re out there in the water –
sound probably won’t travel.”
“Yeah… I’ll go explain and drink some blood along the way so I can use the
power from that to cast a spell that will allow all of you to breathe in the
water, so please remove this air barrier after that…”
As she finished her sentence, Plum immediately sprinted forward,
broke through the air bubble and swam into the water.
They glanced at her as she left.
“Even if we really are saviors of their species…”
“- They still welcomed us this warmly after the gates to their city were
forced open with an attack like that?”
Hearing Jibril and Miko’s whispers with sharp glances on their faces, Sora
laughed coldly as well:
“…The Seirens, are they really idiots? Or –“
Part 2
“Hello~ everyone~, hehe ☆ I am Her Majesty the Queen’s representative,
Amira~! Everything’s OK~ ☆”
They’re idiots.
Sora managed to swallow his blatantly honest thought.
After Jibril removed the air bubble, a Seiren had rushed up immediately.
「This Person」 who called herself Amira, if her words could be trusted –
but the scary part was they probably could be – she was the sole
representative over all the existing Seirens at the moment.
She had silky green hair, snow-white skin that was almost transparent,
and clear blue eyes.
She wore coral jewelry all about her, but she didn’t give off a vulgar air.
Considering she was a mermaid, it would probably be a legitimate form of
dressing, but her personality was –
“Thank you all for coming specially, like really thanks a lot~ ☆ ~~~Really,
the only way I can express my feelings right now would be through a
kiss~! Fufu ☆ Right?”
“...No thanks, I’ll cherish your well wishes though…”
It wasn’t a matter of honorifics or anything like that, although what she
spoke could be considered as Imanity, everything about it was strange.
Sora and the others were gaping in shock, while Amira continued to
swim around busily.
“Even in the depths of the ocean, rumors of the conquests of both of you
have reached here as well~ ☆The miraculous king here to save the Imanity
sounds like an incredibly handsome person just by hearing about him, and
your looks suit Amira’s preference as well~!! Right ☆”
“…Oh, really?”
It was the first time that he was called handsome by a girl… but why was it?
He wasn’t happy at all… thinking of those miscellaneous things, Sora
nodded in agreement.
“Aha ☆ Your voice is so cool as well!! Amira’s so wet~ ah, because I’m in
the ocean~ hehe☆”
Sora glanced at Plum wordlessly, while she silently returned his gaze
while shaking her head in sadness.
Amira didn’t seem to mind that sort of attitude at all, and instead
continued with a smile plastered on her face:
“Oh~ we’ve prepared a feast, hehe ☆ Would you like to have the food?
Or•perhaps•have •me? ♥”
Amira shook her body in an attempt to seduce Sora.
While Ino accidentally revealed a lecherous expression on his face, and
his temperature rose –
“First let us see 「The Empress」, your welcome can wait until after that.”
Hearing Sora’s obvious rejection, Ino perked his ears up in surprise.
But Amira didn’t seem to mind.
“Ah, you really are as focused as they say ☆ But if so Amira might like you
even more, you know ☆”
“…Really…anyway please lead us there.”
“OK~ ☆ So let’s swim into the city~ follow me, over here~ phew~ ♥”
With Amira leading the way, Sora and others descended the tower and
headed in the direction of Oceande.
Sora heard Ino speaking behind him.
“…Sora-san, it’s amazing that you could reject her so quickly.”
“Huh?”
“No, in the ocean even the senses of us Werebeasts will be limited, so I can’t
grasp Sora-san’s true intentions… but considering that even when being
seduced by such an attractive woman you still can remain composed, Sorasan,
do you have superhuman self-control –“
However Sora glared at Ino coldly in response, and he spoke as though
spitting:
“Old man, are you that desperate, even though I’m a virgin, what do you
expect me to feel about someone of that standard… let’s go, Shiro.”
“…Mm…”
Leaving behind the speechless Ino, Sora swam towards the city while
carrying Shiro –
Part 3
Immediately as they stepped into Oceande, they were welcomed by
extravagant cheers.
Every single Seiren had joyful smiles on their faces, and were dancing
seductively while playing completely out-of-tune music.
As for the language – there was probably no need for them to speak
Imanity anyway, as although they couldn’t understand the Seirens, they
could definitely sense their welcoming intent.
In the midst of the joyfully frolicking crowds of Seirens, what appeared to
be female Dhampirs could be seen occasionally.
Their facial expressions were in contrast with the Seirens, not all that
different from Plum’s.
Those were pitiful… tired smiles, and their expressions as they
welcomed Sora’s bunch seemed to say 「Thank you for coming this
far」.
- In exchange for a constant source of blood from the Seirens, the Dhampirs
were to assist the Queen in reproducing.
Before their Queen was hibernating the two races were in a state of perfect
mutualism, but now their relations were like a candle in the wind –
however –
“I’m curious, how can these people remain so cheerful and lively even
when their race is nearing extinction?”
Yes – leaving out the Dhampirs, the Seirens didn’t appear gloomy in the
slightest.
“- Didn’t I explain before … they completely don’t understand what is
happening to them.”
Plum replied with a weary smile, while Jibril continued:
“Because the Seirens are so incredibly dumb that their stupidity has
reached legendary status, and in the languages of all the nations the very
mention of their species have become synonymous to 「Idiots」, and even
that term itself has been used to refer to the 「Seirens」as well, even being
used as verbs in sentences.”
Sora and others walked along the sea floor with Amira leading them.
- Walking in water.
It didn’t feel like walking nor swimming, which caused Shiro to feel curious
at this new sensation, while Sora walked forward while carrying her just
the same.
Ino and Izuna, not to mention Miko – they truly were Werebeasts.
They had quickly mastered the act of walking under these circumstances,
and were bounding forward naturally.
Even when in the ocean Jibril still 「Flew around」.
“- Or should I say, Imanity are even more inferior to the idiot Seirens?”
To be perfectly honest, the ones there that were clearly unsuited to
moving underwater were obviously Sora and Shiro.
“Before I met my Masters, I would reply 「Yes」 - but to put it more
eloquently, they’re only ranked higher because they have special abilities,
but otherwise they’re a really stupid species.”
Jibril spoke all smiles, while Plum continued wearily:
“These people only know how to eat, sleep, have sex and play, nothing
more… fish do contain nutrition that can make people smarter, but the
fish themselves are rather stupid… isn’t it unbelievable?”
- This world really doesn’t have species that can get along with each other…
Sora thought and looked into the horizon.
“…That’s true… even their representative is someone like this.”
“No… the fact that Amira-sama can speak Imanity is already good
enough…”
Good enough - Sora looked towards Plum sympathetically.
When faced with Sora’s gaze, Plum’s expression immediately turned into
that of someone that has accepted his/her fate and spoke:
“Because we’re all in the same boat… I sincerely plead Sora-dono and
others to help them find ways to solve this problem – even the ones that
suggested previous methods were Dhampirs… since the Seirens don’t have
any sense of urgency, they’re only good at mating… hahah… sigh…”
“…It’s really been hard on you…”
With Amira at the lead, they entered a particularly tall building in Oceande.
During the course of their journey, Sora raised a question that had come
to him suddenly.
“Speaking of mating, Jibril, the Seirens mate with males of other species
right?”
“Yes, you’re absolutely right.”
“The sixteen races don’t have any 「Hybrids」 between races?”
- Although Sora and Shiro were only in this world for a short period of time,
but regarding things like half-elves commonly seen in fictional worlds -
「Hybrids」, they had yet to hear of.
“That’s perfectly normal.” Jibril replied.
“The reason why they don’t exist is because although the sixteen races all
have certain similarities with each other, their souls are completely
different.”
- Souls again?
「Souls」 that were yet to be proven to exist in Sora’s original world,
appeared to be commonplace knowledge in this one.
Those were probably something like chromosomes, Sora told himself, and
continued:
“But don’t the Seirens mate with other species? Won’t their offspring be
Seiren hybrids?”
“No, their offspring will be pure 「Seirens」.”
“Even though they are two different types of souls?”
“It’s just like how the Dhampirs absorb souls by drinking blood, Seirens
obtain souls from mating and carry out 「Metamorphosis」, creating their
own clones, so their methods of mating are even more ineffective than
「Living beings」, sapping the other party dry in the process as well.”
“…That really is lethal.”
“Really? According to textual records – the act itself brings 「Joy
paralleling assumption」.”
“So they really go through assumption quite literally… and it’s a 「Journey
of no return」.”
But forget it – no matter how you put it.
“Because of that, to produce hybrids – to produce offspring carrying
characteristics of two different species is impossible.”
Sora thought for a moment, and figured – Tet probably let there be
「Sixteen Races」 since they can’t produce hybrids.
“- Jibril, is there something on my face?”
Sora noticed that Jibril was staring at him intently.
“I think I’ve told you before that the Flügel aren’t 「Living beings」.”
“Yeah, you said that your species aren’t 「Living beings」 but 「Life」
right.”
“Yes, and it’s because of that that souls have no fixed shape, so as long as
you extract a part of someone else’s soul and combine it with mine, you
could produce an offspring belonging to the other party’s species – it’s like
physical coitus, but in theory it’s still possible to transcend species and
produce a hybrid.”
“- I still don’t get what you’re trying to say.”
At this point she lowered her head reverently, moved her halo to the back
of her head, and folded up her wings –
This was a gesture of loyalty to her Master alone, and Jibril clasped her
hands together tightly and spoke as though a prayer:
“As long as Master wishes to have a child, the inferior Jibril is willing to do
it anytime –“
“…Jibril…shut up…”
Shiro’s razor-edged words, forced Jibril to shut her mouth.
“We’re~~~~ here~!”
Sora heard a loud and bright voice all of a sudden, and looked up.
“Sorry to keep you all waiting! This is the Empress’ room~ ♪”
Amira stretched out one hand and pushed open the door slowly –
- Light spilled out from the opening.
The Empress’ room was rather wide, and the carpets and atrium were pink.
Faintly glowing seaweeds were placed on the walls, and what appeared to
be decorative woven patterns lit up the room.
Painted glass was etched onto the tall ceiling, causing sunlight that
had reached the floor of the ocean to spill into the room.
Although the faint sunlight seemed unnecessary – as on the glowing
throne right below them, there was a gigantic, beautiful crystal glowing
noticeably.
No, it was a pretty-looking transparent imitation crystal… a block of ice.
“-……”
Everyone was speechless when faced with that sight.
At this point Amira solemnly – or at least attempted to act solemnly –
announced:
“Now I will introduce to everyone… this is the Empress of the Seirens…
Leila•Lorelei-dono.”
- A beautiful woman was sleeping within the block of ice.
Wave-like blue hair fell on her youthful face.
Her snow-white body was decorated with blinding strips of gold and
the lower half of her body had attractive scales on it.
Those scales reflected the light in the room, appearing extremely colorful.
The 「Empress」 ornamented in light and gold and encased within the
coffin of ice, silently sat on the bivalve throne with her eyes closed.
Plum and Amira were quietly discussing behind everyone who was
still speechless.
“A-Amira-sama… regarding them awakening the Empress… Sora-dono and
the rest said that they wish to challenge everyone here to a game… is that
all right?”
Hearing Plum’s words, Amira appeared momentarily troubled, but then
she replied:
“Alright, no problem ☆ But do you have any issues over your side?”
“Nope… s-so I wish to get the help of about thirty people to help with the
spells involved.”
“Mm.” Amira nodded her head.
“OK ☆ So I’ll be off to make preparations for Her Majesty’s awakening~ ☆
Since you want everyone to use magic at once, you’ll need blood right~
Hehe ☆ Amira will go get everyone else, so I’ll leave everything to Plum for
now ☆”
“Alright… t-then I’ll make preparations for the spell to enter Her Majesty’s
dream state…”
She took a bow and left the room with Amira.
- But everyone else didn’t seem to have noticed her departure.
They were merely focusing on the block of ice with the Empress
sleeping within.
“W-what a beautiful woman…”
Steph seemed to have forgotten that she was a woman herself, and
complimented her passionately.
When faced with her stunning appearance, no elaboration was needed
for Ino’s reaction, while Jibril, Miko and even Izuna felt the same way.
Their gazes were blindly attracted to her, but –
“Hmm…? Is she that pretty? Shiro?”
“…I…don’t really understand…”
“”What!~~~?”
Everyone else was stunned by their reactions.
“A-are the both of you not right in the head!? I-if this woman isn’t a
beauty, then who is!?”
“…You’re the one that needs to calm down, she’s not beautiful to the extent
where you have to be this shocked right?”
Faced with Steph’s protests, Sora merely spoke with his forehead wrinkled
in impatience.
He looked at the Empress once again.
- Leila Lorelei, the Empress of the mermaids asleep within a coffin of ice.
Her appearance was certainly beautiful.
But Sora could confidently say – she was 「Different」.
For example, her beauty was different from Jibril’s that could shame even
a work of art.
It was different from Miko’s bewitched, almost holy beauty under the
moonlight as well.
It was different from Izuna’s pure, untainted cuteness as well, not to
mention
–
“…? Nii…?”
Sora looked beside him – at his confused-looking sister, and he confirmed
his thoughts.
“- She’s no contest at all, or should I say, even Steph is superior to her?”
“…F-flattering me that obviously, even I’ll get angry you know!?”
“No, what use is there even if I flatter you…”
Sora looked at her in irritation, while Ino patted him on the back.
“Sora-san, no, it’s fine, don’t worry.”
He continued kindly:
“Don’t worry about it at all – impotence is curable, I’ll take you to eat softshelled
turtle steamboat next time…”
“It’s not like that at all, stop ruining my reputation!!”
Sora pointed to the block of ice and yelled.
“Can you all calm down!! I’m not calling her ugly, but when compared to
the likes of Miko-san, Jibril, Izuna and Shiro, is she really something to fawn
over!? I mean what I say, everyone here are all supreme beauties!!”
Steph and Ino continued to look at Sora pitifully, but –
Hearing Sora’s words, only Jibril and Miko came back to their senses.
“Amazing, Master… this is what I was referring to earlier, the Seirens’
「Ability」.”
“- Ah?”
Miko and Jibril tore their gazes from the block of ice, and Jibril continued:
“The Seirens don’t have special bodies or magic, but the fact that they’ve
managed to survive for this long can be attributed to their greatest and
only weapon, which is –“
Jibril took a deep breath.
“As long as they’re in the water – they have 「The ability to attract
anything」.”
“The Seirens are a species that have received the blessings of the water –
the reason why they stay in the ocean and cannot leave it is because of the 
large amount of Spirits in their bodies… 「Water Spirits」, and they can
「Attract」 all other spirits.”
“…Ah…”
“Ah, I see.”
Sora and Shiro nodded their heads in understanding, seeming to have
understood what was going on.
Before the 「Ten Oaths」, the Seirens reproduced by consuming males of
other species.
Since they didn’t have any superhuman strength nor any magic and couldn’t
leave the sea, how did they survive?
The answer was – they 「Seduce」 others and attract them.
This would explain why they could swim along with the fishes and could
withstand the water pressure of the deep sea without magic.
“Isn’t that like seduction magic?”
“Yes, to put it simply they control the movements of spirits – something like
using magnets to attract them, which is the ability of their species… which
wasn’t something particularly important originally, but –“
Jibril glared over at the Empress, and once again averted her eyes.
“But, this mermaid over here – the amount of spirits she possesses can be
considered an 「Anomaly」.”
Jibril spoke unhappily as she was unable to resist the Empress’ charms.
While the other person who should’ve known what was going on as well –
Miko scratched her head with a helpless expression on her face.
Changing the subject –
“But… why doesn’t it work on the Masters?”
Jibril asked curiously.
“…Hmm…? Jibril said it herself…we don’t have…spirits.”
“Yeah, you did say that, everyone in this world has spirits within them,
but Shiro and I don’t.”
When they had first met, to prove to her that they were from another
world, they had let Jibril scan their bodies for spirits.
If their ability was to attract spirits like magnets, the fact that it didn’t work
on Sora and Shiro should have been obvious, but –
“No, as long as there are souls, there should be spirits presents. Maybe
Master’s spirits are too faint for me to detect, or maybe your spirits are
undetectable – but if so, why would there be no effect – this is strange.”
Jibril muttered to herself, with her interest once again returning to Sora
and Shiro, and she looked at them excitedly.
- While Ino who was standing beside her spoke:
“Or is it simply because Sora-san can’t get erect as a man?”
“You shut the hell up, old man, you only think about the lower halves of
the body, don’t you, but I am a man of reason.”
“Sorry to keep you all waiting~!”
- Plum and Amira returned noisily.
Was the spell to enter the Empress’ dream state ready?
The two of them approached the block of ice where the Empress was
sleeping.
“So now we’ll use Plum’s magic to let you all into Her Majesty’s dreams.”
That cheerful smile was still on her face.
Amira nonchalantly continued:
“To all of you who wish to awaken the Empress, please 「Swear to the
Oaths」 and bet all that you have, then touch the crystal~”
-……
“Huh? Hey, what did you say?”
Steph broke the silence and asked.
Amira replied with another question in shock:
“Eh? Is there a problem?”
“Of course there’s a problem, what are you talking about!?”
…Bet all that you have?
Does that mean in the sense where the person’s wealth, identity, freedom,
life
– everything is put on the line?
“Is there a need for that? We came to help you upon your request!!”
“Sigh~ Plum, did you bring them here without telling them everything?”
“Um… I’m sorry…”
Amira prodded her cheek with a troubled expression on her face, while
Plum insistently apologized.
While the one that interrupted them was –
“Calm down, Steph, you’re the one that doesn’t understand.”
Sora’s tone was calm as always.
Seeing how calm he was, Steph turned around and observed everyone’s
reactions.
Not just Sora and Shiro – but Miko, Jibril, Ino and even Izuna had
expressions of understanding on their faces.
“We were invited here to – awaken the Empress through the
「Empress’ Game」, right?”
“The third of 「The Ten Oaths」 states that in games, wagers will be made
on what both parties decide to be of value – while the Empress 「Swore on
the Oaths」 to hibernate, since the requirements of the 「Game」 to
awaken her is to make her fall in love with the other party, a 「Bet」 of
equal value is needed for her love – right?”
“Completely right, handsome man, not only your appearance, but your
brain is handsome as well!”
Amira laughed and nodded her head in agreement, but –
Only Sora had noticed, which was when Miko and Shiro revealed thin smiles
on their faces.
Steph who hadn’t noticed still couldn’t agree.
“T-that sort of thing is just too weird –“
- She continued to question them.
“They’re the ones that are on the brink of extinction, we’re here to help, so
why do we have to face that kind of risk!?”
Sora replied as relaxed as ever.
“Plum did say earlier, to interfere with relationships and dreams
should’ve been impossible under the 「Ten Oaths」, it was only possible
because the Empress agreed on it – but her agreement is merely within
the game itself.”
- Which is to say –
“If we don’t begin the 「Empress’ Game」, all sorts of spells wouldn’t be
able to be used, so there would be no other way to awaken her, and to
obtain the rights to play a game against her, the 「Bet」 she requires is –“
Sora looked over at Plum and Amira and spoke in a joking tone:
“「If you want my love you must have the drive to sacrifice
everything!」… something like that right?”
Steph remained stunned, while everyone else appeared defeated.
Only Amira continued to ramble on.
“Co~rrect~ an~swer! Ah~ I really don’t want to give you to the Empress,
are you sure you don’t want to be with me instead?”
Ignoring Amira, Sora spoke:
“Anyway since we have magic that will allow the Empress to fall in love
with us, there shouldn’t be a problem.”
“Y-yes! I can confirm it, leave everything to me!”
“S-something like that – what if the magic doesn’t work!?”
Steph still couldn’t lose her sense of apprehension, but –
“Just leave that to Amira~”
Amira spoke clearly:
“Even if you guys can get into the game successfully, the Empress in charge
of the bets is still hibernating, so her possessions will be in my care! If the
magic doesn’t work I’ll return everything, so there won’t be any risk ♪”
“No, that sort of verbal promise –“
Sora interrupted her mid-sentence.
“OK, there’s no problem – let’s begin the game.“
Steph felt something was amiss.
She felt that something wasn’t right somewhere, why would such highrisk
conditions only be mentioned now?
Steph looked at Sora, why didn’t Sora feel any suspicion about the entire
affair?
This wasn’t like the usual Sora, to accept such a suspicious-sounding game –
Steph once again surveyed her surroundings.
Aside from her, everyone else didn’t seem to have any queries, and didn’t
have anything to say.
(W-what’s going on…? What’s happening here?)
Plum then began explaining the rules of the game.
“So – after all of you bet everything you have, please 「Swear on the
Oaths」and touch the block of ice… after which the Dhampirs under the
platform and I will cast a spell and lead all of you into Her Majesty’s
dream… to perform the 「Love Magic (cheat)」 I’ll follow you as well…”
Plum began planning out the spell accordingly while explaining at the
same time:
“Since it’s a dream, the surroundings can be set according to whatever all
of you want… so – Sora-dono will decide right? I will try and go according
to Sora-dono’s imagination and construct Her Majesty’s dream
correspondingly… no matter the situation – the victory condition remains.”
Sora helped Plum continue her sentence:
“As long as someone makes the Queen fall in love with him and awaken her
it will be a 「Victory」, but if you get dumped it will be considered a
「Loss」-while the loser will leave the game and give away 「Everything」
according to the bet – so we just have to swear to the oaths along the lines
of this right?”
“Y-yes… b-but…”
Sora interrupted her in understanding:
“I get it, we have Plum’s love magic (cheat), and even if we lose we can just
get everything back from Amira – that’s what you were planning to say
right? Take it easy.”
Sora smiled fearlessly.
Steph sensed something amiss about that smile, however, while Sora
continued:
“With our current lineup and the conditions provided the possibility of
us losing is zero, so hurry up and start the game already.”
“A-alright – so Sora-dono, please imagine how you want the dream world
to be like, and then –”
Hearing her words, Sora began imagining it.
As long as dating games were mentioned, he wouldn’t make the normal
kind.
“Please swear to the oaths!”
“ - 「Aschente」!”
Sora, Shiro, Steph, Jibril, Miko, Ino, Izuna and Plum.
As all of them spoke that single word at once, their surroundings turned
white.
◇◇◇
◆◆◆
◇◇◇
- After which it turned from white to blue instantly.
As though just waking up from a dream, they slowly regained their
consciousness.
Throughout their lethargic bodies, blood began circulating normally,
their senses returned to them, and –
“Aaaaahhhpfffffftttt!?”
- They were drowning.
In the middle of the sea, Sora and Shiro, Izuna, Ino and even Miko were
being tossed around by the waves.
They could only smell the burning odor of the tides, and pain assaulted
the deepest parts of their nostrils.
As their calm thoughts were being flung into a distance – a video
began playing within their subconscious.
“-With every end there is a beginning-“
There were overly flashy special effects, and sound effects that sounded
like stars collapsing.
A narrator that sounded like it was reading off a script continued blandly.
“There are meetings and there are separations –“
“THIS ISN’T THE TIME TO BE PLAYING THE OPENING CREDITS, RIGHT!?”
Sora struggled to raise his head above the water level, and roared angrily.
“Which bloody universe’s version of 「Toki〇 Memorial」 starts with the
protagonist drowning? My heart isn’t exactly beating hard right now!” [15]
No, their hearts were beating violently.
But Sora didn’t want to use the term 「Heartbeat」 to describe the
dying throes of one’s heart when faced with a life-threatening situation.
“Ah, s-sorry… I confused Sora-dono and Her Majesty’s imaginations of
what the dream world should be like, it takes time to create the scene…
please wait a while more…”
Thinking closely, this was rather unavoidable.
Since they were able to interfere with the Empress’ dreams, this world
couldn’t have a 「Schoolyard setting」 like in Sora’s world.
Of course, Sora’s imagination needed to be combined with the Empress’
knowledge, and –
“…Nii…I lived…a good life…”
“Plum~! My sister’s already giving up on survival, so hurry up already~~!”
Shiro closed her eyes with a blissful expression on her face, while Sora
hugged her and yelled loudly.
“- Ah, ah, the spell is complete, I’ll construct the setting now!”
- In an instant.
The original 「Setting (scene)」 of them drowning in the ocean was
removed, and changed immediately like flipping the pages of a book.
The 「Stage」 switched from the ocean itself to the sea floor, and
unnecessary 「Settings」 like breathing were removed.
Like flipping over poker cards face down one by one, various changes to
make the game run smoothly were implemented, and the dream world
was able to accept 「Unreasonable」 settings.
“- Master, are you alright?”
Hearing Jibril’s loud cries, Sora returned to his senses – not realizing that
he was now on solid ground.
“…T-that was…horrifying…”
In the clear blue ocean, Sora spat out 「a single breath」, and wiped off
「the sweat on his brow」.
Shiro was shivering in fear due to nearly drowning early, and Sora hugged
her while complaining dissatisfiedly.
“The game hadn’t even started and we were already facing a death end,
can you please not use that sort of weird plot settings here?”
“…I still…hate the ocean…”
“The 「Sea」 that caused the Masters harm… it appears there is a need
to remove it completely.”
“Wouldn’t it be fine if you were to just learn to swim…”
At this point, Steph who appeared to be the only relaxed one spoke with her
eyes half open.
But Miko and others beside her – all the Werebeasts in frustration – agreed
with Jibril’s words.
“…Yeah, who cares about the ocean, who created these weird puddles
anyway?”
“I have to agree with Jibril-san for once, just let the sea dry off already.”
“Also the sea is so stinky… if only the sea could just disappear and leave
behind all the fish.”
Everyone had completely entered the dream, and even though they
were cursing, they were gradually returning to their usual calm selves.
- Sora, Shiro, Steph, Jibril, Miko, Ino and Izuna.
They stepped on the floor individually, and the 「Setting (scene)」 in
front of them constructed slowly.
Even though they were at the bottom of the sea the sky could be seen, and
clouds were moving about on the water’s surface.
The uneven terrain was re-flattened, and 「School buildings」 appeared on
the sea floor originally filled with rocks and corals.
The schools of tropical fish swimming around them gradually transformed
into nameless normal students (NPC).
In the blink of an eye a virtual stage known as the 「Underwater school」
was built.
That was a 「High school」 built in the same style as the other buildings
around Oceande –
Glancing at their surroundings, beside Sora –
“What shocks me is that Her Majesty actually knows about 「Schools」…
did she read about them in books?”
Plum who had appeared to have snuck into the game (dream)
successfully, spoke.
Understanding the meaning behind Sora’s glance, Plum smiled wearily,
and explained bitterly.
“Haha… Oceande doesn’t have anything like schools… what would those
people need to learn anyway.”
As the scene around them stopped changing, Sora and others began
showing changes instead.
First – countless signs lit up, entering their field of vision.
“…? What is this?”
Steph wanted to touch the signs that appeared, but grabbed air instead,
and Sora explained:
“That’s the UI (User Interface)… the 「Command Selection Screen」.”
- It was exactly like a status screen in a standard dating simulator.
It brought back memories, like the title screen of 「Toki〇 Memorial」,
but Sora complained instead:
“…Since you could generate something like this this perfectly, then you
shouldn’t have let us drown in the first place.
“Because this only causes any effect on the players… when the scenes are
being constructed, it’s actually the process of combining Sora-dono and Her
Majesty’s memories, something that took us quite a lot of effort to do, but –
“
Plum spoke in shock all of a sudden:
“Where did Sora-dono get your information? I’ve never seen anything
like that before.”
Plum didn’t know that Sora came from another world, and indicated
curiosity at how he was able to imagine such things – but Sora merely
ignored her.
“Speaking of which since what you’re doing is reflecting the imaginations
of the players, the settings should be rather easy to change right?”
“Ah, yes, because the spell is being constructed… so as long as Sora-dono
wishes it anything can be changed.”
Plum continued:
“But one’s appearance, age and sex are unchangeable… please take care.”
- The Empress was hibernating in wait of a 「Prince」.
If she were to fall in love only to realize that the person that had awoken
her was completely different from the character in her dream, like a photo
scam – she would probably resume hibernation.
They didn’t have any problem with that, but what was important was:
“Since we can change our names, please set my name as 「Ko〇man」.”
“…Nii, setting all base stats…to 573 is cheating…”[16]
Facing his sister’s accusing gaze with her eyes half open, Sora shook his
hand while chuckling in denial.
“Using official cheats are technically allowed according to the rules, and also
if this cheat is used as long as you perform any actions you will be afflicted
with neurosis, causing you to miss the entire first year and all the flags in
it… so it does have its negative side effects!” (TL note: See what I mean by
negative stats?)
“…Then Shiro will… use the name「Se〇ponume」.” [17]
“Um… is there any particular reason for that…?”
As they were conversing – Sora and others’ appearances changed according
to Sora’s imagination made reality by the spell.
Sora’s dressing was merely an extra uniformed suit over his usual Tshirt
saying 「I ♥Humans」.
“…Oof, this clothing is rather stuffy.”
Wearing a male school uniform as well – a ninety-eight year old man
with bulging muscles spoke beside him.
“…A uniform that bulges tightly due to overly large muscles…I think I’m
going to have nightmares tonight.”
Sora spoke while averting his gaze from hell (Ino) over to heaven
(playground) – which was essentially the female members of their
posse.
Shiro who was standing on the other side of him wasn’t wearing her usual
full black uniform – but instead a brightly colored female uniform.
- Maybe because it was mixed in with the Empress’ impressions as well, it
was a sailor uniform slightly more revealing than Sora had expected it to
be.
And around her were Izuna, Jibril and Miko who were wearing the same
uniforms –
“…Miko-san’s sailor uniform, really does look amazing…”
“Do you have something to say about it?”
Stroking her long golden hair, Miko spoke while wearing a sailor
uniform identical to Shiro’s.
Her twin tails lifted her skirt slightly as they shook about, and her
beautiful legs underneath were extremely attractive, but –
“…Miko-san, how old are you?”
“Didn’t anyone tell you that asking for a lady’s age is extremely rude?”
“Oh, right… speaking of which the one that created the Eastern Federation
was Miko-san right?”
Miko’s ears twitched slightly.
“You kept saying things like since you were matured or whatever, Izuna’s
eight years old but she’s already matured, while the Eastern Federation
prospered rapidly within fifty years (half a century) – even when you leave
out the time taken to take care of the entire Eastern Federation, you at least
have to be about fifty-eight –“
“Let me give you a piece of good news OK? Imanity (bald monkey).
Werebeasts – especially in their 「Blood Devastation」 form, age
extremely slowly.
Miko interrupted Sora’s accurate deduction, and spoke with a dazzling
smile.
- After which a dangerous smile appeared on her face, and she spoke
clearly:
“If you dare to call me 「Auntie」, you know what will happen, don’t you ♥”
“- Phew… and I was the one about to tell Miko-san some good news.”
Sora met her smile head on, and replied:
“Looks are everything! Miko-san gives off an air like she’s older than she
actually is because of her actions and tone of voice, but appearance-wise
you look no older than a beautiful twenty-year-old lady –which means
actual age is no more than a title, which is what we Imanity believe.”
“…That is what you believe.”
Despite clearly hearing Steph’s words, Sora excellently ignored her, and
pointed beside him.
“Also there’s someone here who is 「Over six thousand years old」, so
there’s nothing to worry about right?”
“Ah, Master, to be precise I’m 「Six thousand four hundred and seven」
years old.”
Jibril who was looking at her garb curiously since earlier, replied with a
smile on her face.
Her shirt was lifted up slightly by the wings on her waist, revealing a
short snatch of bellybutton, while the rest can be omitted.
On the other hand –
“…Speaking of which, may I ask a question?” “Hmm –
is there a problem? Steph.”
“Why am I the only female along with you and Ino – that’s wearing male
clothes?”
- That was true.
Shiro, Jibril, Miko and Izuna.
They were all wearing sailor uniforms, but only Steph was – wearing a
male uniform identical to Sora and Ino’s.”
Sora nodded his head meaningfully, and explained his reasoning.
“Good question – this is what is known as 「To kill a general, first shoot
his horse」.”
“…What?”
Sora spoke with a serious expression, and everyone’s eyes were on him.
“- First, there are 「Two」 reasons why I didn’t let everyone wear
male clothing.”
Sora continued while lifting up a single finger.
“First, if we’re going to conquer the female lead, I want to have help from
her friends – the girls.”
“…You really say all these dastardly things without hesitation.”
Miko spoke her thoughts on everyone else who was glaring at Sora coldly.
However Sora ignored her and raised another finger:
“Secondly – I considered the possibility that a trap like the Empress
「Never was interested in men」 in the first place might exist.”
“…I did say earlier that the Empress was looking for a fertile male…?”
“There’s insufficient evidence to prove that.”
Sora rebutted Plum who objected while staring daggers at him as well,
and continued:
“Next up is the reason why I let specifically Steph wear male clothing –
Steph has strong communication skills, so she can be our scout for
information.”
If they were only looking at political power, Miko could be a stand-in for
her as well.
But according to Sora’s instinct, Steph was the correct choice as she could
make friends easily.
“I want a male comrade that has the social skills and ability to collect
information like Saotome-kun – but…” [18]
Sora turned to Steph and sighed.
“…But compared to Saotome, you’re more of a… someone like Ijuuin…”
[19]
“- What? I don’t really understand…”
- A redhead with rather proper looks.
She looked like a rather high-classed handsome teenager – the maledressed
Steph tilted her head in confusion.
Her attitude was nonchalant as she hadn’t particularly noticed her
appearance, but she was proficient in both physical ability and studies,
even being a decent homemaker.
She had social skills, a drive to get things done – and had a set of
determined blue eyes.
And deep in her eyes, one could even get a glimpse at her overwhelming
gentleness and resilient personality – she was quite literally a model
teenager.
- To be honest.
Sora wanted to punch her, as she was the enemy of unpopular people
(the world) – once again glancing at her riajuu appearance, Sora sighed.
[20]
“…Ijuuin? Who’s that?”
“…It’s first-gen… don’t bother about it…” [21]
“…Speaking of which, how about we not bother about Gramps over here
and just let Steph go talk to the girls?”
“What? No, for me to go talk to the girls – and about that… S-Sora and I –“
“…Ah, it appears the spell is complete.”
Part 4
“Hmm, so let’s play the opening cutscene all over again – after which I’ll
infiltrate the Empress’ subconscious.”
Following Plum’s announcement, a giant screen appeared in the middle of
the air.
The badly made advertising clip that had just played in their minds once
again made an encore accompanied with relaxing background music.
Following the narrator’s descriptions, after photos of the school buildings
and classrooms were shown on screen, the image cut to the courtyard,
where a giant madder-red colored piece of coral that seemed to have
branches extending in all directions was shown with the camera angle
slightly tilted.
The narrator explained calmly.
“Marinal Kagayaki High… there is a legend that as long as one confesses
under the magical coral, one will acquire 「True Love」.” [22]
Hearing these recycled words, Sora complained with his eyes half-opened:
“…Hey, I wouldn’t care if it was like a magical tree or something, but what
the hell is a magical coral…?”
To confess under an ancient tree was somewhat understandable.
Confessing in the midst of bells ringing or on a slope with Sakura
blossoms blowing around would be acceptable as well.
But no matter how you think about it, 「Under the magical coral」 just
seems a bit too over-the-top, don’t you think?
“Even if you say that I can’t do anything about it… there aren’t any trees in
the ocean…”
- Speaking of which stuff like corals would probably look disgusting up
close.
The opening cutscene continued to play, disregarding Sora’s inner
thoughts and protests.
- After a while.
The boring narration ended, and pop music began playing.
Under the pink-colored 「Magical coral」, a mermaid with blue hair
flowing along with the waves appeared.
- The empress.
The uniform-wearing empress – Leila swam quietly under the giant red
coral as though dancing.
Her colorful uniform covered up her firm body that was shaking from side
to side unpredictably in the water brought out her natural sexiness and
charisma even more, and the very action of her scaly tail sticking out from
her short skirt while flapping about in the water was attractive.
The Empress’ eyes carried a hint of melancholy, and she stretched her
hand out to the sky as though earnestly waiting for something –
“La - ♪”
She began singing.
- Upon hearing her voice, everyone simultaneously inhaled sharply.
“Ah…!”
“Oh, this is… she really is a beauty, even her voice is exceptional.”
Steph and Ino began praising her.
An Empress that could bewitch anyone through a single glance.
Her beautiful voice brought a sensation to the listener’s soul that was
almost like taking drugs.
…Except for Sora and Shiro.
Sora and Shiro stared at the screen in boredom.
“Even I’m beginning to think that there’s something wrong with our
taste…” Ignoring her voice for now –
The song and video that was playing were completely mismatched with
her sensual actions and melancholic expression.
But before that, the Empress wasn’t suitable to wear sailor uniforms at
all because she’s too sexy.
It was like a thirty-year-old woman (laugh) pretending to be a female
high school student –
“Well it’s true that everyone’s preferences are different… but you want me
to conquer her?”
I can’t seem to get excited… Sora took a small breath.
■「The First Day」■
- All of a sudden, the words 「The First Day」 appeared in front of
everyone.
Sora and Shiro were undoubtedly already used to it, but Plum continued
to explain it to the others.
“Um, I believe a few 「Commands」 should have appeared in front of
everyone, if you use those you can perform specific actions… like giving
presents and things like that.”
Hearing Plum’s explanation, Sora tilted his head in curiosity instead.
“It’s like that in theory, but this is a realistic romance game right? So
there shouldn’t be a hidden affection meter…”
“…Nii.”
As Sora was complaining, Shiro quickly passed something to him.
“…Command…present…Nii, did your affection gauge rise?”
Shiro’s eyes appeared to be expecting something, while Sora smiled
bitterly and replied:
“Sorry, sis, my affection for you is already at maximum levels, so even if
you try nothing will –“
“So Master, if you allow me to, I will –“
Jibril gave him a gift as well.
Plum looked away from them and continued her expression.
“Also…among the commands displayed, there should be two heart shapes
as well.”
Everyone carried out individual confirmations and found them
almost immediately.
It was in the lower-half corner of a screen with multiple signs on it.
There was a normal heart shape and another heart shape with a
「+」marked on it.
“That heart is the confession command…it’s up to you how you wish to
confess, but if you choose this and get 「Dumped」, it will be regarded as
a 「Loss」… while the one with a + on it is…”
“Your 「Love Magic」 right – a cheat command right, OK, I think I’ve got
it… yep.”
Sora had figured out the system since earlier, and turned towards Ino.
“So Gramps, since you’ve married thirty wives, the amount of people
you’ve slept with must be more than that right? So how about you use
those skills that even Ka〇 Taka can’t beat to quickly conquer the Empress
and get her heart.” [23]
“The way you put it is rather displeasing…”
Ino wrinkled his forehead, but after that –
“I’m looking forward to your lover’s skills that seem to be your pride,
Hatsuse Ino.”
“…Good luck Grandpa, des.”
“Yes! As Miko-sama orders…!”
Hearing the two women’s encouraging words, Ino replied respectfully
and turned towards Sora.
“…But Sora-san, I was quietly listening to you since earlier, all that stuff
about shooting generals and horses, helpers, scouts for information and
others
seems pretty hard to comprehend.”
“…What?”
Sora replied with his forehead wrinkled, and Ino shrugged his shoulders
and continued:
“…Could it be that Sora-san believes that ignoring women’s preferences and
forcing one’s own preferences onto them – even stooping to the point of
changing one’s appearance to suit them is 「Love」?”
…He got me, Sora thought.
“To be precise, that’s how it is in a 「Romance Game」.”
Noticing that Sora was unable to answer, Ino looked at him solemnly.
“Phew… so that’s how it is, it was a good idea after all to leave it to me after
all, it seems that just like how being good at fighting games doesn’t make
one a good fighter, mastering romance games doesn’t allow one to talk
about real romance and love.”
- He was right, but Sora somehow felt angry as he realized that his selfconfidence
probably came from the fact that he’d slept with many
women.
“Sora-san do you know why you’re a virgin – an unpopular, antisocial,
incurable man now?”
“…Old man, don’t make me get Jibril to teleport you to the ends of the
universe.”
Ino didn’t appear to be the slightest bit threatened by Sora’s devilish glare.
“Some say that 「Love is the art of reading hearts」- if so, why can’t Sorasan
do it?”
“…Hmm?”
- If it was 「Reading hearts」.
Then Sora who was way above himself (Ino) should be able to do it.
Ino’s words carried absolute confirmation at Sora’s ability with it as
well, leaving Sora speechless.
“I see, there are many different ways to love, but… the end result is always
to 「Convey one’s feelings to the other」, and –“
Ino stared at Sora sharply.
- His eyes didn’t carry any hint of condescension.
It wasn’t a look of sarcasm, hate, pity, nor underestimation.
It was a look that Sora – knew all too well.
With the look in his eyes that Sora never wanted to see again in his
original world – Ino continued:
“The words spoken by a liar that lives on mountains of lies do not have
the power to convey one’s feelings at all!”
No doubt about it, it was – a look of 「Distrust」.
“But, it’s true, if it really is about reading hearts, there’s only one way,
which is –“
Ino spoke while glancing towards his own command screen.
“「Seize the upper hand」.”
Unhesitatingly choosing the 「Confession Command」- Ino dashed
forward.
“”Eh-!?””
Leaving behind Sora and others who were still frozen in shock –
Using his physical ability as a Werebeast to the fullest, Ino launched a
surprise attack with a blinding speed.
His footsteps even caused loud booming noises, while his eyes were
focused only one thing.
Which was the Empress that was about to step into the school gates – Leila.
Ino yelled at the figure that was being surrounded by several NPCs:
“The pretty lady over there! Please wait!”
His voice was like a knight reporting his name on the battlefield, and
hearing his booming voice, the Empress turned around slowly.
Her sapphire colored eyes spotted Ino – and she replied:
“Are you talking about me…?”
- Those few words alone were like a force of nature.
“…! Of course!”
For a moment, Ino forgot he was in a game.
Every word, sentence, action, and smile of the beauty in front of him
was melting his soul.
But he shook his head in self-warning, and focused his strength at his
abdomen. [24]
- There wouldn’t be a problem if he was to fall in love with her, or more
appropriately, he needed to fall in love with her.
He clenched his jaw and focused his energy with a determined look in his
eyes.
- But he couldn’t be consumed; he needed to consume the other –
“Oh beautiful lady, please forgive me for interrupting you suddenly, if
it’s convenient for you – I would like you to hear a few words of mine.”
“Ah – and what would those words be?”
The Empress smiled sweetly.
Ino’s heart felt like it was being grabbed onto tightly just from those words.
He wanted to forget everything – at least, he was tempted to.
The Empress’ eyes, the Empress’ voice, the Empress’ expression, her snowwhite
neck.
The angle at which her fingers touched her breasts unintentionally,
the shadows created by her waving hair –
Those things, he considered them priceless treasures…!
- Ino thought, there was a possibility –
The previous challengers were all consumed by the Empress’ beauty and
were unable to even confess.
She had that standard of beauty, a radiance that was almost violent in
nature.
In conclusion, in front of this woman, a normal young man wouldn’t even be
able to open his mouth.
But Ino… replied with a smile.
- He wasn’t at ease; he was already at his limit. Love isn’t
about reading hearts – yes, love is a battle. The action of
「Laughing」 was an act of war.
- It originated from how beasts would bare their jaws at their pray.
Ino calmly, carefully, solemnly kneeled on the ground.
- Love.
He raised his two palms towards the heavens and beat them on the ground
violently as though in prayer.
- The so-called love.
He looked at the girl with a powerful gaze – it wasn’t a threat, but a silent
declaration of war.
- Must be won with one’s own hands.

He clasped his hands that were plastered onto the floor onto his knees, and
pressed his forehead sharply down onto the concrete, head, bones and all…!
- It was … Impeccable. A
glorious –
“Please! I beg you to spend a passionate night with me -!”
-He kneeled and kowtowed.
-…
“”-What!?””
- Whose voices were those?
Or were those possibly everyone’s voices?
Sora and others didn’t need mentioning, as even the Empress was frozen
in shock, however Ino continued, ignoring everyone else!
“Since the first time I saw you, my heart has been boiling like lava,
please look! My sword is hard and erect like steel -!!”
“Eek…”
The Empress breathed sharply, and backed away continuously with a
flustered expression.
While Ino increased his volume, and pressed his attack…!
“Oh, please forgive me, dear Empress of the ocean! It’s all because you’re
too beautiful! Since the first time I saw you, I’ve been having this
overflowing,
unstoppable urge to hold you and penetrate you! Please forgive my
burning feelings!”
“It’s a straight-up kowtowing strategy that doesn’t give the other party time
to back down at all - !?”
Sora felt a sense of immense trepidation.
Was this the sure-win tactic of a man that has married thirty women!?
As the surrounding atmosphere dropped to absolute zero temperatures,
Ino’s passionate kowtowing strategy was still being carried out in full.
“Please! I beg you! Please carry out intercourse with me! Please have
passionate intercourse with me!”
“Eh? No, wait, um… that…”
Since she had begun hibernating, the Empress’ dreams had been
interrupted countless times, and she had received countless confessions
as well.
Even if she was really an Empress that had rejected all sorts of men, it
was probably her first time receiving such a direct confession. She
hurriedly attempted to run towards the school blocks.
But -!
“Please wait!”
(Grasps)
Ino’s muscular hand grabbed onto the Empress’ arm, stopping her in
her tracks.
“No, hey, let go -!”
“I’m not going to! I won’t let go! I want you to feel the beating of my heart,
the burning heat of my loins! My body is old and insignificant, but I will
make you satisfied even if it costs me my life!!”
“Noooooooooo!?”
- They were speechless.
It was literally a crime – no, what was occurring in front of them was an act
of complete pervertedness.
If a temperature below absolute zero existed, Sora and others
spectating would definitely feel like they were in it.
“…No, but…”
Sora who was watching the events unfold from a safe distance asked
Miko nervously:
“Did that old man use this method to get himself thirty wives…?”
“…No, I don’t know, why are you asking me?”
“No, unless those methods when used on Werebeasts actually…”
(How could it possibly work!? I’m not even there and I feel like refusing
myself!!)
“No, wait, let go of me! I said let go of me!!”
The Empress began crying out mournfully, and finally managed to shake
off Ino’s grasp.
After which she turned, cut through the crowds and disappeared into
the school blocks with her tail flailing about.
“Please wait, Empress! EMPREESSSSSS!!”
Ah…ah… -
Ah… -
…Ah –
Ino’s mournful cries echoed in the clear blue ocean – and disappeared
suddenly.
The rejected Ino lay motionless, appearing extremely depressed.
- Seeing his current state, everyone else had the word ‘Disappointment’
engraved in their hearts.
“…He can’t make it anymore right?”
“…”
- No one bothered to rebut Sora’s words.
“…B-but that doesn’t count as being dumped yet, doesn’t it?”
Ino did kneel down in pursuit of her love earlier, but the Empress didn’t
officially reject his love.
So according to the system, the game – the dream should still continue…
Regarding Sora’s question, Plum replied somewhat hesitantly:
“…Before that, I think the real problem is whether that sort of action should
be considered as a confession or not…”
Hearing Plum’s words, Sora nodded and said:
“- Anyway, let’s have some fun normally, select command…「Leave the
school」.”
“…Nod.”
“…Why did you people choose this setting anyway?”
However, no one bothered to answer Miko’s question…
■「The Second Day」■
Immediately after they woke up, the date and the 「Attend
School」 commands appeared in front of them.
As they selected the command, the scene immediately changed.
When they returned to their senses – Sora was already walking on the way
to school with Shiro.
The activities that they had all done so far – eat breakfast, change into
their uniforms, get out of the house.
Those were completely shortened out, and their memories of actually
doing those tasks merely remained fuzzily in their heads.
“…Nii, good morning…”
“Good morning…since in this game we’re under the 「Sibling Setting」 as
well, we’re allowed to be together from morning.”
Not to mention that they were set to be in the same grade.
An eighteen-year-old and an eleven-year-old in the same grade – it could
be somewhat dismissed as a result of continuous grade-hopping.
Just like that, as Sora, Shiro and the NPCs were going to school together,
someone called out to Sora from behind.
“- Ah, Sora, g-good morning.”
“Oh…?”
Turning around, Steph (male-dressed) was standing behind him.
Sora raised one hand in response to her greeting, and then spoke with
his forehead wrinkled:
“…Good morning, speaking of which the fact that you’re dressed like that
but you’re still speaking like a girl is somewhat disgusting.”
“Didn’t you set this yourself…”
Steph’s eyes narrowed in a devilish glare, and she took out a thick stack of
papers from her bag and passed them to Sora.
“…What is all this?”
“It’s the Empress’ personal information in this game and also her
contacts… I’ve also done some slight research on the characters that may
be acting as her friends in-game.”
“- Eh? You’ve already done research!?”
Sora’s eyes widened in shock as he began flipping through the information.
Steph did say it was merely rough research, but what Sora saw was
「Information」 regarding tens upon tens of characters from their
contacts to their hobbies.
- To have such staggering amount of information in only the second day of
school.
She had a speed that even Saotome would envy, and Sora continued halfsuspiciously:
“How did you research about this sort of thing?”
Steph widened her eyes as well in response, and replied nonchalantly:
“It’s exactly the same as a 「Social Network」, as long as you get close to a
few of her attendants, you get all their information, including things from
interests, dislikes, injuries, even relationships they’re in. Also there
apparently won’t be any consequences for talking about private matters
here unlike in the real world.”
- Cheh!
“What was that for!? Why did you go ‘cheh’ at me earlier!?”
Her communication abilities were stunning.
Although it had achieved the effects he had intended it to, but Sora felt
anger first instead of gratitude at her superhuman social skills.
“Ah, I’m sorry, it was an accident… I-I’ll be using these as references,
thanks for everything.”
Sora rallied once more and began comforting her.
“- A-about that, speaking of which, just now, earlier, that… did the
「Affection Gauge」 rise?”
Steph (male according to the settings) asked while twiddling her fingers
shyly.
“…What?”
“No, the gift command earlier – “”””Steph-sama♪”””” – Ah!?”
A flirtatious voice sounded from behind her, and Steph let out a cry,
falling onto the floor.
As she hurriedly turned, she saw a group of girls with heart shapes in
their eyes struggling and fighting amongst each other to get to her.
“Steph-sama! Let’s walk to school together!”
“Hey you, don’t ask so chummy with her! Here, Steph-sama, this way –“
“Eh, wait…I haven’t finished – someone, someone help me ahhhhhhhh -!?”
Upon seeing Steph being dragged away by a group of girls, Sora responded
by half-closing his eyes.
“…Just let yourself be chased to the ends of the earth.”
He let out a small choking noise, then left her behind and resumed his walk
to school.
As he reached the school gates, he noticed Ino was still there in a
kowtowing position.
■「The Third Day」■
Izuna used the 「Gift」 command on Sora.
What she gave was a can of mackerel.
However Izuna was drooling while staring at the can of mackerel, and
she appeared to be undergoing an internal struggle.
Sora couldn’t help but consider giving up and going on the Izuna route
instead, but he managed to control his urge.
- In school, he bumped into the Empress and Steph at the school gates, was
there a flag being triggered?
But Sora didn’t know her yet, so he ignored her and continued towards
the classroom.
Immediately as he reached – probably because she was set in the same
grade as well – Plum walked over in a female uniform.
“U-um… why is everyone ignoring the Empress…?”
“Because we need to begin our assault only after we achieve the stats
required to conquer the character in order to easily gain affection
points.”
“…Early game…except for scripted flags…ignore everything…focus on
raising stats…”
Shiro and Sora raised their opinions with focused expressions, while
Plum looked somewhat troubled.
“…That’s how it works…?”
Ino was still kowtowing at the school gates.
■「The Fourth Day」■
Miko used the 「Ask on a Date」 command – on Sora.
He was stopped on the way to school, and Miko took the initiative.
“I’m pretty interested in this 「Sakura Coral Park」 set in the spring
season, so would you like to go together?”
She appeared to be reciting lines off of the UI (User Interface), but it was the
first time Sora had heard of the place.
“Eh? What’s that? Where did you see that?”
“Really, you hadn’t noticed? There’s an icon shaped like a small book in the
lower right corner.”
“Ah… really. The Oceande Messenger – I actually fell behind Miko-san in a
romance game of all things…”
“Heheh… so? Could it be that you’re not interested in what Sakura corals
may be?”
“Fine, I’ll go, Shiro can follow along right?”
“…Mm, I want to… see.”
“Since we’re going, let’s invite everyone else as well, Izuna, Jibril, Steph –
does Plum want to go?”
“Master, there’s a 「Make Bento」 command under the 「Hobbies」
command section, I’ll make some for our visit.”
“…Um, are you sure all of you haven’t forgotten what we’re here for…?”
Ino was still kowtowing at the school gates.
■「The Fifth Day」■
Today was the day that they were to select their clubs, and everyone chose
the go-home club. [25]
Only Steph joined the students’ council, and for some reason she was
glaring hatefully at Sora.
- After school, Shiro was tugging on his sleeve, and he looked up –
“…Nii, over there.”
She pointed at the Empress that appeared to be going home as well.
“A go-home flag…?”
“I think so, forget it, it’s too troublesome, let’s go home.”
“…「Going home together…if anyone were to spread rumors… it would be
very embarrassing」.”
“Hey sis, can you not say that line again?” [26]
- Memories from his past awakened.
The other party was his childhood friend, and as he nonchalantly invited
her to walk home together, he heard that line instead.
“Thinking about it, I think that was the time when I stopped trusting people.
Plum appeared to be hurriedly saying something, but Sora ignored her
and replied with “OK yeah it’s very funny” dismissively.
Ino was still kowtowing at the school gates.
■「The Tenth Day」■
They were having a meeting in preparation for the sports meet next month.
Since it would probably end up with Jibril performing alone, they reached
an unanimous vote that they would select the leave school command
immediately after classes ended.
As they were stepping out of the school gates, Sora finally tried to use the
「Date Command」.
- And his target was Miko.
“Ah~ um, how about we all 「Go shopping」 together?”
“Why do you sound like you’re reading from a script?”
“Nah, it’s just a habit.”
“Speaking of which wouldn’t it be no fun if we were to go shopping without
having anything to buy?”
“…I think there’s…a food fest…”
“Alright, let’s go, there should be wine right? Ah, does Izuna want to come
along as well?”
“As long as there’s meat or fish then definitely, des.”
“Ah, I’ll definitely go as well, Master.”
He had planned to invite Steph, but possibly because she was busy with
council activities, they didn’t see her after school at all.
- Although they spent all their 「Money」, everyone got to try pretty
delicious food.
Ino was still – never mind.
■「The Fifteenth Day」■
“- Everyone, do we really need to go to school?”
Hearing Sora’s words, everyone realized something.
After which their actions were very fast-paced.
Everyone began making plans in order to try out all the dating spots
within their reachable radius.
Sora and Shiro dressed up carefully, wore dress suits and went to their
meeting point, but –
“…Disappointed…”
Shiro sagged her shoulders in disappointment, while Sora helped her ask
her question.
“…Miko-san… allow me to ask, why are you wearing that?”
Miko who had arrived on time was wearing a tracksuit and a pair of
slippers, appearing particularly pathetic.
It was no different from an old man’s home clothing, but Miko shrugged
her shoulders.
“Because there aren’t any straw shoes or skirts or pants. Although these
may look cheap, they’re easy to move about in, and they’re comfy as well.
Shouldn’t I be the one asking you why you’re wearing suits and dresses off
for a hike?”
“Hey Jibril, could you tell me why you’re wearing a swimsuit over?”
“Eh? Because there was a clothing selection, so I just chose something that
was the closest to what I usually wear.”
…On another note, according to Steph who was still going to school
diligently, Ino was really still… never mind.
■「The Twentieth Day」■
- Everyone was just about bored of playing.
On a spur of the moment, Sora attempted to actually begin going to school.
Immediately after that, he noticed that for some reason a rumor had spread
that 「Sora hurt Steph (male)」.
In order to find out what exactly was going on, he went to find Steph during
recess, and –
“…!”
Upon seeing Steph, she glared at him fiercely and ran off.
“What’s going on here?”
“…The game’s…like this in the first place…”
The fact that 「Bombs」 would appear without the player doing anything
was really the way the game was designed. [27]
But why would the bomb icon – appear on a male (by setting only)?
“Hey, Plum, there seems to be a bug with the system of the game.”
“…Compared to that, you’ve really forgotten the main aim of the game,
haven’t you?”
Sora complained to her that the game should be properly debugged.
Plum looked to the horizon and let out a long, sad sigh instead.
- While – Ino, was still, kowtowing, at the school gates…
■「The Twenty-fifth Day」■
Nothing much happened.
It was almost as if the entire affair had become the second half of a
summer holiday.
■「The Thirtieth Day」■
Nothing much happened.
■「The Thirty-fifth Day」■
Nothing much, basically.
■「The Thirty-ninth Day」■
- Let’s just go check out the school tomorrow.
Ino somehow began regaining realization of what was going on…
■「The Fortieth Day」■
- The sky was dyed with the dawn sunlight.
In front of the school gates that were bathed in the sunlight as well, there
was a frail-looking, thin, stone statue that was covered in barnacles and
appeared to have become one with the ground.
This solemn, serious, memorial that even let out a saintly air was –
“…C-could it be… the old man?”
Everyone took a breath in shock as they finally went to school once again.
- Sora and others who had retreated from the scene earlier… had nothing to
say at that point.
His back even appeared to be emitting light…
He – unquestionably was more of it than anyone else – like a real man.
…This man had done it ever since the day the game started, to the
Empress that passed by him without a word daily –
Kneeled and kowtowed.
Like a statue, he didn’t budge at all.
Even until now, he continued to request.
No, his very appearance was his very best articulation, and he was letting
out a single sentence.
Which was –
Let me have you - !!
Faced with his awe-inspiring image, Sora couldn’t help but admit that he
truly had the dignity of a man –
Ah… so love isn’t about reading hearts.
- It’s the act of proving one’s love.
The old man succeeded in doing that.
If so – the fact that he didn’t understand love wasn’t surprising any more.
Sora swaggered towards the stone effigy – no, the true man within it, and
his body was trembling uncontrollably.
“Too small – I’m so incredibly insignificant.”
Compared to that man, what was he?
For a mere – he couldn’t help but think of it so - 「Romance」, could he
bear kneeling for forty days?
Sora could only say no.
He – Ino didn’t disguise himself, and shamelessly, fearlessly pulled out
his heart and gave it to her.
Was there a love more sincere than this – no, there wasn’t!
“So… so this is… this is 「Love」…”
“…Absolutely…not…”
Sora spoke while almost at the point of tears as though he had reached
some sort of spiritual awakening, while Shiro immediately rebutted him.
But – suddenly.
As though it was hiding from the sun – a shadow fell upon that holy statue.
Looking at the owner of the shadow that was swimming through the
waters gracefully and appeared to be on the way to school –
It was – the Empress.
Her line of sight brushed past Sora and focused upon the sacred statue – no,
focused on Ino.
- Could it be?
“…Impossible – it can’t be…?”
Miko who was looking from a distance couldn’t help but mumble to herself.
The Empress continued to approach Ino. And
then she clasped Ino’s cheeks lightly.
In that instant… as though it had finally recalled that it was a human being,
the statue moved.
The barnacles, the floor and even the rocks and stones on it began to peel
off.
The Empress’ hands gently support Ino’s cheeks and raised his head up,
and as though receiving some divine guidance, Ino raised his head.
After which – she spoke with a voice that would enchant any listener –
She smiled a smile that was more valuable than any treasure on earth.
She spoke a single sentence.
“…It’s impossible for us to be together.” - I knew
it~…
Everyone’s inner thoughts seemed to overlap. “-
Ah…”
However Ino clenched his teeth and thought, it can’t end like this.
It was true – his love was rejected.
It was crushed into dust.
But now – since it’s come to this, there’s no other way -!
In order to fulfil Miko’s orders – Ino selected a command from the UI (User
Interface).
- The heart shape with a 「+」 sign on it.
Which was – the command for Plum’s 「Love Magic (cheat)」.
And then –
“- Forgive me, Empress! Hnng~~~!!”
He exerted a force strong enough to rival a sumo wrestler.
- He grasped onto the Empress’ breasts firmly.
Yes – in order to complete Plum’s「Spell」, he used the command.
“- Eh!?”
In an instant, a red light began glowing around the Empress, and she
opened her eyes wide in shock.
- At the same time.
“- Ah, ugh -!”
Complex patterns formed in Plum’s eyes, and she let out cries of pain.
Maybe because her powers were being taken from her, her black wings
became blood-red in an instant, and she fell onto the floor in a sitting
position.
“…Ah, aahhh…”
On the other hand the Empress let out weak noises with her breasts
being fondled by Ino.
Her face was beet-red – even Sora and others could tell obviously that her
heart rate was rising.
“We, we did it – now we can – !”
Plum spoke in a convincing manner.
“N-now, no matter how appalling of a person Ino-sama is, even with the fact
that he only cares about the lower body, and no matter what kind of
feelings the Empress may have… she will take those feelings – and
recognize them as 「Love」!”
Plum seized her opportunity to insult Ino to the point of worthlessness
while speaking tiredly.
- Sora was grumbling to himself that it was a really low form of magic as
well.
But no matter by hook or by crook, the Empress would 「Fall in Love」.
Which means Game Over.
And then –
“- No, nonono, even if you want love it shouldn’t be this way, this is
impossible, sorry!!”
- Just like that, she clearly rejected Ino.
The Empress waved her fins, and almost flew – towards the school
buildings.
…
- …
…Sad~ depressing~ melancholic~… -
That sort of background music began playing in Sora’s mind.
That man was reduced to ashes.
He was burned white – no, his fur was white in the first place – burned into
a white pile of ash.
The words 「Hatsuse Ino•Lose」 appeared in the world.
While in front of the gates, although he had been shattered and burnt –
- The man who was still maintaining his posture from squeezing the
Empress’ boobs earlier – Hatsuse Ino turned into ashes.
Sora stumbled over.
He didn’t know what to say to him,
- But despite that, Sora felt like he had to say something.
“Old man – no… Hatsuse Ino, I’ve misunderstood you all this time.”
Sora’s voice was trembling as he searched for the correct words to say.
“You are truly a – great man, just for that woman… for that woman that
can’t appreciate truly great things, you’re too great for her…”
But, even though Ino was about to turn into ashes and disappear –
He still spoke –
“- No, Sora-san… it was my love that wasn’t enough, for love is without sin.”
After finishing his sentence – as he was 「Rejected」, Ino would lose all
his rights and be removed from the game.
He gradually began slowly changing colors from a dark, charred gray until
he appeared almost transparent, and then –
“Ino…? Ino, hey, wait! You’re joking right!?”
Sora yelled while grasping onto Ino’s shoulders, but Ino’s body ignored
him and gradually began disappearing from the game.
- Just like that, Hatsuse Ino’s high school life was over.
It was a high school life that was rather eventful, but ended up with
him kowtowing all the while.
If he could go through it again, he wouldn’t leave behind any regrets –
- At this time, some weak-sounding closing transcript along the lines of
that would probably be heard, but Ino instead –
“Phew… I have no regrets… if there’s a next time, I’ll do it, all over again –“
With a blissful smile on his face, blatantly refusing to speak such weak
words, and disappeared from Sora’s arms.
- In complete silence, Sora looked up to the sky.
His face which was that of real man’s was covered in tears.
“Hatsuse Ino… how could a man like you – ugh!”
Ignoring the emotional Sora, everyone else appeared cold.
- This wasn’t just an awkward moment.
Ino wasn’t dead, nor had he disappeared.
He was merely brought out of the dream – and returned to the world
outside the game.
But Sora was so emotional that his body was shaking uncontrollably as
though he had lost an irreplaceable brother-in-arms.
“How could this be -…!!”
Sora yelled to Plum who was looking at him coldly as well with a tone
that suggested he was about to vomit blood.
“What is this!? Wasn’t that a sure-fire way to win!? That man – he even
sacrificed his aesthetics!! Why did this happen even after using
「Cheats」, why… why – didn’t the Empress let him in!!”
“- No, it’s not that… w-with the way he was acting any sort of magic
wouldn’t be able to help, probably…?”
- Plum’s words did make a lot of sense.
Miko suddenly recalled something Plum had said.
To fall in love with someone like that, even a rock would have a better
chance against him.
But -…
Just as Miko revealed a thin smile, Sora knelt and began pounding the
floor beside her emotionally.
“What kind of joke is this!? Is there anyone that’s more of a 「Man」 like
him
– do you agree? Shiro, Miko-san, Jibril!”
Sora yelled, almost roared at them.
The three of them that were called out merely –
- Nodded in approval.
“…Eh, eh~~?”
Steph was so shocked that she stepped back upon seeing them nod their
heads.
On the other hand, Plum was utterly stunned by Sora’s angered stance –
She hurriedly attempted to comfort him.
“P-please calm down… t-this is just a really extreme example… I’ll ask
Amira-sama to return Ino-sama, I just want Sora-dono to try the game
properly one more time –“
Speaking those words –
She looked over at Sora’s face –
And Plum –
“- …!?”
Her heart was crushed.
No, more correctly she thought it had been.
The person there was – not the Sora from earlier.
It wasn’t the emotionally charged, begging, pleading man from earlier.
It wasn’t the cheerfully laughing, carefree man that had listened to Plum’s
request.
The person there was – someone else that Plum didn’t know.
A man with the eyes of a hunter that pitied the 「Prey that had fallen into
the trap」.
The man spoke a single sentence with a cruel, strange tone:
“Again? – Why?”
- Because –
“…We’ve…already won…” “- Eh…?”
The man stood up nimbly with a gaze that didn’t carry any warmth, and
Shiro followed suit.
No – Shiro as well…Plum didn’t know her – she was a girl with eyes at
absolute-zero temperatures.
Faced with their sudden, drastic change – Plum took a step back.
Plum didn’t understand the two of them.
While Steph, Jibril, Miko and Izuna… they all knew. The
ones that didn’t know could just die –
They just had to stumble upon them of all people – Sora and Shiro – these
two siblings –
And those unknowing ones were Plum and others that stood against them.
They would only appear when their plan to drive the enemy into the
corner has been completed.
Kuuhaku
- 「The most vicious enemy」- 『 』. “- That’s enough,
Miko-san, Jibril.”
Sora turned around and asked while looking behind him.
“Yeah, we’re done playing, it’s complete.”
“I’ve already confirmed it; I’m ready anytime – just waiting for your
command.”
Seeing the two of them nod in approval, Sora spoke in an emotionless voice:
“Do it, Jibril.”
“- Your wish is my command.”
Jibril took a deep bow, and spread her wings.
- Just like that.
The spell that had been held together by tens upon tens of Dhampirs –
the 「Magic (Game)」 that was interfering with the Empress’ dreams.
Just like blowing daffodil seeds into the wind, it was scattered easily – and
the scenery around them shattered.
Chapter 4 - Wild Card/The Fool
Part 1
The surrounding space exploded.
And Amira, who was spectating the game from the real world, got the
brunt of the impact.
“…Eh?”
- Plum and Amira were frozen in shock as they saw that everyone had
broken out of the dream world and woken up.
The reason why they were surprised wasn’t simply because Jibril had
easily shattered a spell that had been constructed by tens upon tens of
Dhampirs that had recently consumed blood with the force of her will
alone.
It was because of what Sora said as he stood up.
“- Alright, checkmate, we win.”
“…Eh, about that, Amira doesn’t really get the situation~ ☆”
Amira spoke with a stiff smile.
However, Sora and Shiro told her nonchalantly:
“…The rules didn’t say we can’t… 「Save and Quit」…”
“In other words you never said that we couldn’t leave the game until every
one of us was rejected, so there shouldn’t be a problem with us
「Quitting」 the game for now… you have to uphold the 「Pledges」 as far
as you can, you know!”
Sora replied impatiently, and spoke to everyone else who had just woken
up: “Alright, Jibril, we’re done here so restore the air.”
“- I obey.”
Jibril nonchalantly began drawing out the outline of a spell with her
fingertips. - Suddenly, a gust of strong wind attacked the Empress’ room.
In an instant, the water parted and inside the room – air began
expanding. “…Eh…?”
Plum and Amira were completely stunned, while Jibril smiled thinly.
“Pardon me… I just restored the air that I compressed into a bubble
earlier to its original state.”
In the room, the air continued to expand, pushing and splashing apart
the waters.
“- Cough -! …Phew…ugh…hah.”
- She hadn’t said anything since earlier, when they were in the dream.
Miko who had been pretending to be calm since earlier, suddenly revealed
an expression as though she was in pain.
Breathing fresh air that she hadn’t got the chance to breathe in a long time,
her shoulders heaved up and down almost as if she was laughing.
In an instant, steam began rising from her completely blood-red body.
- She revealed the truth straightforwardly.
“To bear water pressure twenty times higher than normal with a body of
flesh and blood for such a long period of time… it feels pretty uncomfortable
even after using 「Blood Devastation」.”
Miko appeared to be at the verge of collapsing, experiencing a liberating
reaction from the overbearing pain instead.
However, she strengthened her will, sat cross-legged and cupped her face
in her hands while smiling.
“- Eh?”
Plum, Amira and Steph appeared completely clueless as to what was going
on.
Sora didn’t appear to pay any attention to them, and instead he
continued emotionlessly as if he was wearing a mask:
“- But 「Due to the water pressure, blood won’t flow out of the body」 - so
even if she used 「Blood Devastation」 it would be undetectable, which
was why we weren’t noticed and we were able to listen to your heartbeats
to our heart’s content – thank you very much, Miko-san, please give us your
verdict.”
- Miko’s expression was…
“…You really like ordering people around huh… ah, forget it.”
Miko thought from the deepest recesses of her heart 「Luckily these
people are on our side」, and replied with a thin smile.
“That Seiren over there – she doesn’t want to awaken the Empress at all.”
- Hearing her words, Amira appeared visibly shaken.
And then… hearing her next sentence, she positively froze in place.
“Next up we have Sora’s deduction – all that about complying with the
Empress’ 「Bet」 was a lie as well – ah~ and…”
Upon seeing Plum and Amira’s reactions, she appeared genuinely happy,
and smiled bitterly.
Miko looked towards Sora gently and continued:
“All that stuff about you being just her type, being a handsome guy and
all that, those were all lies as well.”
“I realized that long ago - …dammit.”
Miko laughed cheerfully upon seeing his reactions.
And then – as though she was looking down upon Plum and Amira.
“…Did you really think being in the sea would be able to seal off my senses?”
She spoke painfully, but with the highest degree of mockery, and laughed
with a twisted smile on her face.
“- The fact that I’m the 「Full Representative (Strongest) 」 of the
Werebeasts isn’t a fluke, you know.”
Sora tried extremely hard so as to not show how hurt he was, and looked
away instead.
“Yes, Master, same goes with me.”
Jibril replied while kneeling reverently at Sora’s feet and meeting his gaze.
“Plum’s spell actually did work properly, as in that it did make the Empress
fall in love with others.”
- After which – it was Plum’s turn to freeze.
“- There’s no question that it worked properly, and the Empress was
actually affected.”
- Was there a possibility that it was a fake?
Sora confirmed it with her wordlessly, but Jibril laughed and replied:
“Please don’t worry, that’s the reason why you let Miko-sama experience it
herself, didn’t you?”
Sora replied her with a smile, and lastly – turned towards Shiro.
They didn’t need any form of verbal communication –
“…Mm…memorized…everything…”
- With this sentence alone, Shiro fulfilled all of her brother’s requests.
Seemingly satisfied with everyone’s answers, Sora nodded.
He still had a cheerful smile on his face.
Above that smile however – was a sinister shadow created by his fringe
and an unbelievably sharp gaze.
With a gaze that could make anyone feel as if they were being glared at by
a wild beast, he spoke:
“- Hey you, Dhampirs and Seirens (you bastards), did you really think that
you could use us as 「Food」?”
Hearing those words, Plum and Amira’s gazes shifted slightly.
If they really thought that sort of suspicious action wouldn’t be noticed
by Sora that he was 「Exactly correct」- that would be too –
“Eh? Huh? Um, well, what’s going on?”
“…?”
Steph and Izuna still didn’t appear to understand what was going on.
They looked at each other in disbelief.
But Sora didn’t appear to want to explain any further, and instead clapped
his hands and turned to leave.
“Alright, we’re going back, Jibril, take us to the beach.”
“I obey.”
Jibril spread her wings and her halo began spinning, while everyone
hurriedly got in contact with her.
“Eh? Um! P-please wait!”
Plum hurriedly ran over as well –
“You’re pretty observant, Dhampir – can you stop acting the errand girl
(victim) now?”
What welcomed her was – Sora’s thin smile, which caused a chill to run
down her back.
- Amira spoke.
“Eh~? Ino-sama~ Is 「Still here」~! Is it really alright to leave this early~
♥”
Beside Amira, Ino was lying motionless, and everyone looked over at him.
Izuna began looking uneasily at Ino and Sora –
But Sora replied casually:
“Yeah, it’s fine.”
“Because…the consequences if you do anything to Ino – you know them
very well, don’t you?”
Amira’s eyes grew wide in shock, and Sora laughed mockingly.
“Acting like an idiot in front of me – you’ve got to have a limit
somewhere when you underestimate others, outsider.”
Sora turned around.
“- We’ll be back, Seirens, and don’t forget that the price for looking down on
「Us」 - is great indeed!”
After which Jibril teleported them out, only leaving behind Amira and Ino.
Part 2
They were back at the seaside.
The sun had set long ago, leaving behind a reddish moon and countless
stars
– and a beach lit up by bonfires.
Amongst the crashing of the waves and the explosions of the fireworks on
the bonfires, Sora spoke cheerfully:
“Oh, Shiro, it’s almost done roasting right?”
“…Tropical fish…can we eat it…?”
“It’s a saltwater fish called 「Lelite」, I heard it tastes pretty good.”[28]
- Everyone was teleported from Oceande back to the seaside by Jibril.
Since they had teleported a large amount of seawater with them, they
were currently grilling the fish that were swept along as well.
“Hah -! …This stuff is usually what I eat as side-dishes with alcohol after
work anyway… if only it was –“
Miko finished her drink in one gulp, ate her entire fish after which
Sora continued her sentence.
“If only it was 「Fried tofu skin」 - am I right?”
“- How did you know that’s my favorite food? Did I mention it?”
Ignoring the shocked Miko, Sora and Shiro began laughing.
And a few paces behind that peaceful scenery – “Wwhat
is this… what’s going on?”
Steph still appeared to not have understood what was going on, and was
asking herself this question.
Beside her Izuna was looking down, speechless.
While further ahead – Plum was silent as well.
Sora glanced at Steph, and spoke while chewing on a piece of grilled fish:
“It’s nothing – it’s just that Plum wanted to trick us, that’s all.”
- As Steph was looking wide-eyed over at Plum, Sora continued as though in
reply to her query:
“You’re going to ask when did I realize that – right? Plum.”
…No, he was speaking to Plum who was looking at the ground – and he
continued mockingly.
Upon seeing Plum lift her head up in trepidation, he smiled bitterly
and continued nonchalantly:
“It was 「From the beginning」 - your story was pretty suspicious from
the start.”
As though imitating Sora, Shiro, Miko and Jibril sneered as well. -
The Dhampirs and Seirens had a relationship of mutualism.
And their relationship was crumbling due to the Empress entering
hibernation. Plum did not rebut Jibril’s words at the time – but…
Sora smiled bitterly again as though he had just heard a bad joke, and
continued:
“「Since we’ve created a form of magic to awaken her, please help us」-
hah, that’s impossible.”
“…Eh? W-why is that?”
Steph was the only one that hadn’t caught on, while Sora passed a stick of
grilled fish down –
“Pretending to have a sure-win method in order to cheat us into playing a
game where we have no chance of winning, causing us to lose everything,
doesn’t this sound like an extremely profitable method to you? Wouldn’t
you do the same?”
“-…”
Steph’s face twitched instinctively upon hearing Sora who was uttering
such cruel methods with a smile on his face.
“That’s true, but there’s still something that 「Worries」 me.”
Sora spoke while chewing a grilled fish:
“I couldn’t seem to tell whether Plum was lying, and Izuna who was in the
same room couldn’t detect it either – ah, Izuna, aren’t you going to eat the
fish?”
Sora held out a stick of fish while recalling the night when they first
encountered Plum.
“…No thanks, des.”
Izuna shook her head slightly.
Miko who was drinking wine opposite them – closed her eyes and shook
her head as well.
“So just in case she really was lying I even took her to Miko – but she still
wasn’t lying.”
If Jibril was on alert, magic that could conceal a person’s lies would be
revealed instantly.
So in front of the strongest Werebeast 「Miko」, any lies would be
completely exposed, or at least that was what Sora had thought.
Sora began grilling another piece of fish over the fire.
“But what Plum casted back there really was - 「A magic that could make
people fall in love」.”
Under the glow of the fire, Sora appeared to be genuinely enjoying
himself. However, he then took on a sinister smile and continued:
“So she really had a spell that could guarantee victory – but why ask for
our help then?”
“Essentially, w-what that means is, she really wasn’t lying?”
So that would mean that she really needed Sora and the others’ help -?
Hearing Steph’s question, Sora began twirling a fish stick and replied:
“Yes, she wasn’t lying – and that’s 「The source of the problem」.”
- Sora looked down at Shiro who was at his knee-height, and she replied:
“…UTC (Universal Time Coordinated) 6/20 22:42…「Nii」…”
As though she was a recorder, she recited his words out perfectly –
“…「If we win the game, what will we get in return?」…”
Shiro adhered to the accurate time displayed on her phone from their
「Original World」- to organize her memories, even 「Completely
memorizing」 his pitch as he spoke those words. She spoke Sora’s previous
words completely accurately, just like a 「Replay」, causing everyone there
to widen their eyes in shock.
“- And in reply to this, what did Plum say?”
“…UTC (Universal Time Coordinated) 6/20 22:43…「Plum」…”
She emotionlessly, calmly –
“…「Um… we will reward you with thirty percent of Oceande’s
underwater resources, and permanent good relations between our
nations… a-and… um… I-I will do whatever you wish.」...”
This time she 「Replayed」 Plum’s words and Sora smiled bitterly
upon hearing it.
“Exactly – right 「Here」, she wasn’t lying – but 「There was also no
truth」.”
Sora pointed the stick he was playing with previously at Steph.
“Steph, didn’t you have something to say about us having to bet
「Everything」 in their game?”
“Y-yeah… because they’re requesting for our help, aren’t they?”
“Yes, you’re correct.”
“- Eh, huh?”
Sora chewed on his fish while nonchalantly uttering shocking revelations,
and continued:
“I shot your protests down only because I needed to gather the
necessary information. In apology, I’ll explain why you’re feeling such
incongruity.”
At that moment Steph’s incongruity could only be described as she felt
「Something wasn’t right」, and that was –
“This 「Game」- is like a 「Horse race」.”
“H-horse race? The kind where you bet money for horses to win?”
Sora nodded in relief at the fact that this world had horseracing as well.
“Horse racing is to let horses race, a 「Game (Gamble) 」 to predict which
one will win… but in its most basic form it’s just the act of letting horses
race against each other – which is also a 「Contest between the riders」
isn’t it?”
To be precise, what he meant was –
“Horse racing is - 「A gambling sport created from a rider’s sport」- a
double-layered game.”
“The riders (us) race against each other (romance game) to win the
Empress’ love.”
And –
“On the other hand, the resources and relations given as rewards by
Amira and Plum is a 「Prize」 merely directed at the aim of「Awakening
the Empress」- racing and horse racing (gambling) are clearly two
different games, but we were forced into the game as both horses and
gamblers – of course we would feel something wasn’t right.”
…Steph inhaled sharply, realizing what was going on.
According to Sora’s example, they were the riders in a horse race.
But they were forced to bet all they had on themselves - 「Also」 being
forced to take part in a second game.
And Sora appeared to read Steph’s thoughts…
- He shook his head and said “That’s not the problem.”
“So if this is a horse race, where did the riders’ (our) – 「Prize」 for
the competition go?”
Sora looked evilly at Plum.
“…Huh, it’s the love of the Empress of course… allowing her to wake up?”
“- If you make the Empress fall in love with the person, the Empress would
love the person forever? And she would wake up for her prince? – This
doesn’t make sense at all, and only the Empress benefits right? Where’s
the 「Equal」 reward for the winner?”
Finally, Steph found the 「Source」 of her incongruity.
Resources, good relations, and Plum’s free will – none of them sounded like
what the Empress would’ve bet.
So, the game that allowed the Empress to hibernate after 「Swearing by
the Pledges」.
The 「Bet」 of equal value to both parties – to be given to the victorious
rider
–
- Regarding that reward –
- She hadn’t mentioned it all!?
Miko laughed bitterly and began playing with her fish stick as well.
“This series of games has two sides to it, but when Sora mentioned 「The
rewards for winning」, the Dhampir over there intentionally avoided the
two-facedness of it, so she didn’t lie.”
She smiled and continued.
“But even though she didn’t lie – it doesn’t mean she was telling the truth.”
Miko immediately sensed something in Plum’s heartbeat that told her 「I
was found out」, and she smiled again thinly.
Sora spoke in an exaggerated fashion as though deep in thought –
“Alright, here’s where the 「Problem」 comes in – why couldn’t she
mention the two-facedness of the game?”
Sora looked at Plum while twirling the stick in his hands and continued:
“Before we reached the sea floor – the place where you thought you could
seal Miko-san and Izuna’s senses, you ignored the topic, why couldn’t you
just say something like 「Amira said there won’t be any risk」?”
At this time Jibril who was busily preparing the fish and piercing them
on sticks behind Sora passed him a fish stick that was coated in salt, and
continued for him:
“- Because as long as she were to say that it would be 「Lying」… right?”
She smiled thinly, having answered the question.
Sora nodded, so what that meant was – Sora glanced at Shiro meaningfully.
“…UTC (Universal Time Coordinated) 6/20 04:28…「Plum」…「Please
save our species!」…”
Nibbling on her fish lightly, Shiro skilfully - 「Replayed」 Plum’s initial
words.
“If the words 「Our species」 wasn’t a lie – that would mean she really
wanted us to save the Dhampirs.”
Which would mean –
“Which means – only – save the Dhampirs – so what should we do?”
Sora ignored Steph whose eyes were wide as marbles.
He flicked the stick he was playing with earlier – towards Plum who was
sitting on the beach, and it stuck in the sand beside her.
“Alright, so we have all the materials we need for the verdict, don’t we?”
Sora began throwing stick after stick in her direction in the same
fashion. “There are three questions. And, only one conclusion.”
Looking over at the beach sand that had three sticks lodged in it, Sora
spoke to Plum.
“- Are you prepared for this? Plum.” As
though in reply to Sora’s words.
- Under the light of the bonfire, the red moon and the stars.
Four pairs of equally mysterious eyes each began exhibiting a unique
glow. The first to react was Miko.
“- Why would you avoid talking about anything related to the twofacedness
of the games?”
Miko threw out a stick at a speed that broke the sound barrier, hitting the
first stick Sora threw, causing it to split into halves.
“Because you can’t lie.”
After Sora replied, Jibril was the next to act.
“Why would you request for our help even if you clearly have love magic?”
Jibril shot out a stick that broke the sound barrier as well, hitting
Sora’s second stick – crushing it into pieces.
“Because Plum can’t lie.”
Sora replied, and the last to react was Shiro who was sitting on his lap.
“…Getting to the bottom of it… why – can’t you… tell a lie?”
The stick Shiro threw drew an arc in the air and hit the center of Sora’s
third stick… connecting the two.
“Because if she lies – she would be exposed.”
- Exactly.
“If this is a 「Horse race」, then one mustn’t forget – each of us is betting
on different horses.”
The Seirens bet on – the Empress.
The Dhampirs bet on – Sora and the others.
Two games, two aims.
Combining all the conclusions they had made.
Yes, there was - 「Only one」 conclusion.
“The Seirens plan to use 「The Empress’ hibernation game」 to 「Feed on
the Imanity」.”
“What -!”
Steph was the only one shocked by this.
The Seirens had done what Sora had said initially.
Pretending that the game they were participating in would be a sure win,
to lure Sora and the others – the full representatives of Imanity into their
game.
In order to get new 「Materials for reproduction」- in this case the Imanity,
to avoid the crisis their species was in.
But –
“The Dhampirs took advantage of this plan to betray the Seirens – they plan
to 「Free the Dhampirs」.”
Yes – Plum did want the Empress to fall in love and awaken from her
slumber.
While Amira – did not.
“Since Werebeasts were present she couldn’t lie, but since she had another
plan entirely she couldn’t reveal the truth either.”
Once again, Steph was the only one who remained speechless.
But – as though requesting everyone to stop, Sora raised up one hand.
- As though to say 「The fun has only just begun」.
“Alright, so let’s all recall, what was the 「Prize」 if the Empress were to
win the game?”
Sora smiled at Plum genuinely, and he looked away.
After which – under the glow of the moonlight, four pairs of sharp and
unusual eyes began discussing.
“Would that bet let Amira – let the Seirens choose maintain their
current situation over awakening their Empress?”
A pair of bewitching golden eyes, Miko smiled thinly.
“Would that 「Bet」 let Plum – let the Dhampirs achieve freedom if they
were to win it?”
A pair of cold amber eyes, Jibril smiled mockingly.
“…Regarding the survival of the Seirens…something that could return
the rights of the Dhampirs…”
A pair of emotionless ruby eyes, Shiro smiled sympathetically.
Each one of them spoke in order, and a pair of obsidian eyes, Sora
emotionlessly – revealed his conclusion.
“What the Empress bet was –「Everything she had」… am I right?”
- Plum bent her head down while Steph inhaled deeply.
Back when the current Empress first entered her hibernation, she wasn’t
the Empress yet – which meant she wasn’t a 「Full Representative」.
But now it was different.
Now regarding the 「Bet」, as long as they were to fulfill the victory
conditions
– they would win all the Seirens had as well.
- Including the Race Piece as well, winning 「Everything」 just as the
bet implied.
Sora smiled bitterly again, completely ignoring Steph.
He casually uttered words that made Steph question her own hearing.
“I’ve deduced everything up to this point before we even reached the
beach.”
“- What?”
“But…since I didn’t have enough evidence, I decided to go to Oceande
anyway.”
Sora sounded like he was joking, but his voice carried a hint of seriousness
as well.
“We don’t get to go to the beach very often, so we definitely have to enjoy it
– which is to say…”
As he said this, Sora flashed an unbelievably cruel smile in the direction
of Plum.
In a single breath – he provided the solution to the rest of the riddle.
“We brought you to the beach in broad daylight to weaken you.”
“We let Miko-san and Jibril pretend to fool around to test whether
「Blood Devastation」 could be disabled underwater.”
“We also made Jibril venture forth to the oceans in order to confirm the
location of Oceande.”
“The strain of using 「Blood Devastation」 the entire day was partly
alleviated by Shiro who was fondling Miko-san until nighttime.”
“We didn’t wait for the 「Reception Boat」 that could very likely be a
trap, and instead we proceeded using Jibril’s teleportation.
“We forced you, Plum, into a situation where you had to top up on fresh
Seiren blood to allow us to breath underwater and part ways with us;
while Jibril used that time to compress and save the air that we brought
there; casting extra preventive methods on Miko-san as well to prevent
your underwater breathing magic from taking effect; allowing us to meet
Amira with her Werebeasts senses fully awakened.
“- That’s it. Do you get it now?”
…
… -
- Steph and Plum were both shocked to the point of speechlessness.
While Sora was nonchalantly checking on whether his fish was grilled
properly.
“It was impossible for you to 「Not lie at all」 before the game started,
since you had to make us swear 「Everything we had」 on the pledges, and
to expose your lies Miko-san had to be – in a condition where she couldn’t
be affected by your suspicious magic.”
A magic that allowed them to speak and talk underwater –
And the caster was Plum who was confirmed to be an 「Enemy」 as well,
so
there was a high risk of her managing to cheat their sensory devices.
After uncovering all the solutions, Sora continued:
“The Seirens and Dhampirs may be different – but have you forgotten? They
made us bet everything we have on ourselves, taking part in both a horse
race and a gamble – so we have a sweepstake as well.”
- Exactly.
“- A sweepstake of 「Cheating all of you and allowing us to take victory」.”
“Ah, Plum, you’re quite something, that’s a strategy rather suitable for a
weakling, no doubt a level of intelligence only achievable by the race that
had all their power taken by the 「Ten Pledges」. Since even if Amira’s evil
plot were to succeed and Imanity were to be used as 「Food」, the
Dhampirs could still survive, as let’s say the Empress was actually
awakened –“
Sora clapped in genuine admiration, not carrying any malice.
“What made the Empress fall in love was your magic and not us, so you
alone won”
- Even managing to deduce Plum’s reason for joining in the game as well,
Sora continued.
“Just a disclaimer, I don’t praise others, I just genuinely think that – this is
a great strategy.”
She had managed to create a situation where she would win no matter
what happened.
Also she virtually didn’t need to do anything except sit back while others
do the work.
It was an ideal method of victory, but –
“You left out one thing!”
“- Eh?”
Plum lifted her head up.
“Didn’t you realize? The problem here isn’t because your plan was revealed,
nor was it because you hid the fact about the true 「Reward」we receive
when we win the game in order to free the Dhampirs; and neither is it
because – your magic can’t awaken the Empress.”
Sora’s mouth twitched at a corner.
And then he spoke as ironically as he could:
“It was because Amira assured us that we 「Absolutely couldn’t」 awaken
the Empress.”
“-…Ah!”
Plum inhaled sharply.
Because of that, everything made sense.
Why – Ino couldn’t beat the game –
Plum’s magic worked properly.
Jibril confirmed as well that the magic unquestionably achieved its effect
on the Empress.
But despite this, the Empress did not awaken.
Which would mean –
“The condition to awaken the empress - 「Isn’t making her fall in love」.”
-…Only gnawing noises could be heard.
Those were the sounds of Plum clenching her jaw, while Sora continued:
“Amira knew that from the start, as no matter how much you beg her she
would never give you 「An actual opportunity to awaken the Empress」, 
because it would be a huge blow to the Seirens – you understand that
right?”
Sora even kept his smug smile.
“The Seirens that you’ve been looking down on since earlier – even took
your betrayal into consideration.”
“…-!”
Plum collapsed onto the beach in a sitting position, unable to believe that
the Seirens that she had always looked down upon on had tricked her.
However Sora continued to add fuel to the fire.
“A strategy befitting of a weakling, an excellent strategy. But – in the end
it’s all just futile.”
- Exactly.
Even if the strong were to use the knowledge (weapon) of the weak, they
wouldn’t be able to exercise its full potential.
Because the weak had something they didn’t stemming from self-pity –
Stemming from their weakness – cowardice.
Sora’s expression changed once again as he stopped smiling, instead
continuing solemnly:
“The natural enemy of the strong is the weak, but the natural enemy of
the weak is not the strong – it is the ones that are even weaker.”
The weak – the man that was the very personification of this term
began approaching Plum dangerously.
He crouched down, meeting her exact line of sight, and spoke softly and
directly:
“An idiot that knows he’s an idiot – is even harder to deal with than an
idiot that thinks he isn’t.”
- Whoever that was referring to, Sora chose not to reveal.
“Alright – checkmate.”
- Plum’s face was pale.
Originally only Sora’s bunch had accepted her terms.
But since they had saw through her deception and interrupted the game,
Plum had no other choice..
In order for the Seirens to survive, they could only devour the
Dhampir’s 「Hidden last living male」.
Since they had confirmed that the Dhampirs had betrayed them, they
would definitely do it.
- If so, the Dhampirs would be the first to 「Checkmate」.
And after the Dhampirs turn extinct, the next up would be the Seirens.
The Seirens – needed to find a partner that would allow them to carry
out reproduction.
But what they needed in return for that was the partner’s 「Life」, so of
course no one would agree to it.
- Just like that, the Seirens would reach 「Checkmate」 as well.
In order to survive, they could only unconditionally surrender and
become -「Domestic slaves」.
“Plum, do you know what the ultimate way to win a game is?”
He had a devilish smile on his face – that could make anyone tremble in
fear.
“- It’s 「To win without fighting」. Even if we don’t win the Empress’
game, we still win.”
After which it was something that dragged Plum into the depths of hell –
a smile.
“Trying to beat the Imanity with 「A weakling’s strategy」, you all are
too inexperienced – rookies (beginners).”
- One move.
He was a man that had the survival of two species in his control in just
one move.
He laughed creepily, sinisterly and continued.
Part 3
“Alright, you should have got the gist of it, so…”
Sora appeared restless.
Looking closely, Shiro who was sitting in his lap appeared awkward as well
–
“Hmm? Master, is something the matter?”
“- W-where’s the toilet?”
…
Sora asked with a pitiful expression that completely shattered the
serious situation from earlier.
“The toilet you speak of… is the chamber where Imanity excrete –“
“What kind of toilets are there other than that!”
Sora yelled while pointing at everyone else.
“Speaking of which what kind of inhuman bladders were you all born with!
Being by the sea for an entire day, diving into the ocean itself, coming back
to the beach at night, even eating fish, a normal person would be at his limit
by now!”
“…N-Nii…S-Shiro is…”
Shiro signaled with tears in her eyes, while Miko laughed heartily:
“Beautiful ladies don’t do that sort of thing, although I don’t really
understand
how you feel, but shouldn’t it be alright as long as you find somewhere
nearby to take care of business?”
- Not counting Jibril for now, Miko-san is a 「Living Being」 right –
Sora stood up, sensing that it wasn’t the time for such comments.
“W-we – no, I’m going to the toilet, Shiro’s going to pick flowers!”
Sora suddenly ran off while carrying Shiro.
“…N-Nii – d-don’t… shake…”
“Ah! This is the beach so there should at least be some 「Seaside
Teahouse」! Where is it!?”
Sora and Shiro noisily ran off.
Leaving behind the perfectly silent beach. -…
There were only the noises of the waves and fireworks exploding.
“Alright, now we just have to wait for them to surrender unconditionally.
I’m tired, so I’ll be heading back first.”
Miko appeared extremely tired, and she stood up in preparation to
leave. “Ah, wait a minute! What should we do about Ino-san!”
Steph asked hurriedly, having finally come to terms with the
situation. - She understood that the Seirens wanted to take the
Imanity as food.
She understood that Plum wanted to take advantage of their plan to free the
Dhampirs as well.
She also agreed with the fact that Sora had saw through everything and
was on a whole new level above them.
But –
The Seirens still possessed a card known as 「Hatsuse Ino」.
Steph yelled loudly as this problem was yet to be solved.
And – Miko turned around.
She appeared even more enchanting under the moonlight – and she spoke
with a monster-like sinister smile:
“We won’t do anything. Just like that we get two races – isn’t it a good
deal?”
Miko indicated that there was 「None」 of that sort of option, allowing
Steph to finally understand everything.
Which is to say – she could summarize the incident.
(Neither Sora and the others or Miko-san planned to save anyone from the
start -!)
Sora and Miko and the others had discussed – a single move that could put
the two races in 「Checkmate」.
Just for this purpose, only for this purpose, they had actually so easily.
- Treated Ino as a sacrifice - !
“…That sort of thing… I don’t approve of it.”
“Huh?”
Golden – exactly like a 「Monster」, even though Miko’s beastly eyes
were causing Steph’s knees to wobble.
But, even if so – Steph continued to survey her surroundings, squeezing
out her voice with all her might.
In an Elkia without Sora and the others, the only Werebeast that had
supported Steph was – Hatsuse Ino.
Although he had only been with them for two weeks, playing together and
struggling to rebuild Elkia, he had spent a tremendous amount of effort on
the establishment of the Elkian [29] Federation, without him, they might not
even know where to begin.
No matter to the Eastern Federation or to Elkia – to Steph, he was
definitely not a cheap talent, and if a sacrifice were to occur for the sake of
uniting multiple races – it would cause unbelievably negative
repercussions.
Miko couldn’t possibly fail to understand this unspoken rule –
“Hatsuse Ino is undoubtedly a man of great talent, a man who had
supported me since the very beginning of the Eastern Federation, and a
man who would undoubtedly reply 「I obey」 if he was given the order to
die for it – this sort of man really cannot be considered worthless – but in
the end he still remains an impeccable man that has achieved great things.”
Miko spoke regretfully while looking up at the moon.
For their own benefits, they could even sacrifice someone like that so easily
-!
(Then I might be sacrificed at any time then – who could trust someone
like that!!)
Within the emotionally charged Steph’s field of vision.
Izuna appeared, sitting slightly further away from them.
- Of course, Izuna couldn’t possibly come to terms with a situation like this.
With her own grandfather being sacrificed, even for the sake of Izuna,
Miko still –
“I-Is Izuna -?”
- Fine with this? Before Steph could finish her sentence, Izuna began
hugging her knees as though attempting to hold herself in, rendering her
unable to continue.
Even though she couldn’t see her properly in the dusk – she could still
hear Izuna’s voice.
“…Grandpa was prepared long ago, des…”
Far away from the bonfire, under the faint glow of the moon and stars,
Izuna’s expression couldn’t be seen.
“…No matter it be Grandpa’s heartbeat or smell, they are good sounds and
good smells, des.”
However, Izuna’s voice.
It carried sounds of her crying as well – despite the pitch darkness, her
emotions were sufficiently conveyed.
“I don’t want Grandpa to die… but it’ll be fine as long as Izuna bears it alone,
so – s-so! More people… can be saved… de, des –“
Steph recalled a scene from the beach earlier.
After the ruckus at the seaside – when she was deciding whether to let Sora
or Ino help with her fur.
Izuna who should have been sick of being fondled by Ino, instead – walked
towards him without hesitation.
- She understood… it would be the last time.
Izuna had accepted this outcome from the start.
Werebeasts – they had supernatural senses, and they were done
communicating by then.
Steph was the only one not in the know, but –
“- Still, don’t you feel sad?”
“I’m not sad – I just… don’t understand some things, des.”
She clenched her teeth, appearing to exhale.
Izuna asked a question with a shaking voice.
“…Because Sora said – no one will die, no one will suffer, des! …B-but
then, why – is Izuna suffering, des? Is Izuna weird, des…!?”
- Her tears fell like rain.
Even in the darkness, it was obvious from Izuna’s voice that she was crying
large tears.
However Steph – felt the blood that was concentrated in her head dissipate
slowly.
Hatsuse Izuna – this child was too young.
Too obedient, too pure, too smart – too clever.
To make a girl like that, a girl merely eight years old take part in games she
does not wish to, even causing her to feeling guilt towards pleasurable 
things, making her shoulder the burden of the lives on an entire continent.
This truth made Steph realize:
- The Eastern Federation’s actions – didn’t start from here.
- Sacrificing the minority for the greater good – was normal for them.
“You created the Eastern Federation with such ways that make children cry
like this, didn’t you – you’re despicable.”
- The Werebeasts had previously split into many small tribes and
continued their disputes.
A method like this that united them within the short time of half a century
and made the Eastern Federation a great power –
Steph suddenly felt that she had a small glimpse of the big picture, and she
– even scolded Miko in an underestimating fashion.
Miko met her gaze head on, and replied:
“Sacrificing some for the greater good – it’s not even a necessary evil, but a
「Natural」 one. If you want to care about every single person – then
every single person would express his/her opinion, how are you going to
run a government like that… little wench.”
…Steph had no way to rebut that.
To be honest, Elkia’s nobles acted the same way.
They had tried their best to not let anyone suffer any losses, but completely
equality was impossible in the end.
Steph clenched her fists, which was when Jibril began attacking her.
Maybe because she was unable to understand Steph’s opinion, her
expression was that of genuine curiosity.
“Does Dora-chan have something to say? Just by sacrificing one person, we
can save two dying species; and we might even move one step closer
towards uniting with the Eastern Federation through strengthening Elkia’s
forces – what else is there to be desired?”
- Steph still was unable to rebut them.
“Could it be –“ Jibril continued.
“You think that without sacrifice and unhappiness, we can conquer the
world
– no, taking a step back, we can reclaim Elkia?”
“…!”
“Or maybe you simply –“
Jibril continued with an even more provocative smile:
“You simply don’t want to hurt those close to you – how selfish of you ♥”
Steph clenched her teeth – she understood clearly.
Just by sacrificing one person, they could unite two races.
They could save two races that would go extinct if they did nothing.
If it was not good of her to feel bad for sacrificing Ino alone, then –
“- So what…!”
Steph spoke determinedly.
Looking at Izuna who was trembling in shock, she yelled – as though she
was awakened.
“I don’t care what you call me, be it selfish or self-interested, but despite
this, there’s only one thing I truly know! It’s that using this method to unite
all the races – is impossible!”
- She had no concrete evidence.
Miko and Jibril’s words were very true, and what they spoke of sadly was
the unquestionably more realistic thing to do.
But, Steph was confident that it 「Wasn’t the way」.
As for why – probably because – it was 「Common sense」.
The two of them made perfect sense, and it was a proper method of
attacking head-on.
- But, getting down to it.
Attempting to unite all the races by attacking head-on – would probably
be an impossible feat –
Part 4
Sora and Shiro returned calmly after wiping their hands.
What they were met with was Miko who was returning home and a
solemn atmosphere.
And – Steph’s gaze pierced them like a needle.
“Ah… what’s up with this atmosphere?”
“Essentially speaking you choose to run away right?”
“- What?”
“I get it, you want to sacrifice Ino-san alone to get two races – that’s just a
「Threat」… I’ve overestimated you! How do you still have the guts to
say you want to unite all the races after you’ve used this sort of method!!”
Faced with Steph’s harsh words and expression, Sora scratched his head
and looked at Shiro in confusion instead.
“Eh, um, Shiro, why am I being scolded?”
“…Because…you took too long…?”
“Of course I didn’t take long, I just went to take a piss!! F-forget it, I don’t
really understand but my bladder’s empty now.”
- With a grunt, he cleared his throat, and Sora said “Let’s get back to the
original topic.” –
“So let’s start over – to awaken the Empress, let’s get moving.”
…- Huh?
Everyone was speechless, while Sora continued calmly:
“Without Plum’s magic, as long as we actually awaken the Empress the
Dhampirs and Seirens won’t go extinct; and we can use that as a condition
for them to release Ino as well, which would resolve the entire situation –
speaking of which we only 「Interrupted」 the game,「Giving up」 is
against my personal policy, so we’re going to try again –“
Ignoring the stunned masses, Sora stroked his chin and spoke:
“The problem is 「How do we awaken her」.”
Sora looked sharply at Plum:
“I can just about guess – no one knows the condition… right?”
“…Y-yeah…”
“Huh? You said no one knows… how is that?”
Steph peeked at Izuna.
Izuna who was crying since earlier looked up attentively, seemingly
transfixed by Sora’s words.
She closely observed Plum’s reactions – then she nodded her head,
indicating she wasn’t lying.
However Sora nodded, as though he had expected that.
“The Seirens can’t use magic while the Dhampirs can – if anyone knew
the plan would’ve failed a long while ago, and Amira only knows -「It’s
not a game to make the Empress fall in love」.”
“…How can you be sure?” Steph asked.
“The Empress went into hibernation before she became the Empress… but
in her standpoint she would become an Empress sooner or later… if
someone like that said she would give all her rights to you… what would
you do?”
Plum sighed and spoke, originally thinking that she had found the
real condition.
Sora and Shiro nodded and continued:
“If such a dangerous truth were to be mentioned with someone like Amira
in the vicinity, she would definitely conceal it – and what is the ultimate
method of doing so?”
“…If no one knows the truth…then…no one will find out…”
- Exactly, which is to say.
To beat the Empress’ game…
One had to find the victory condition that no one knew except for the
Empress herself.
It was – a game called 「Victory Condition」.
It would be nearly impossible to beat, and could be described as
extremely difficult.
But –
Kuuhaku
“As long as it isn’t a 「Realistic Romance Game」-「 」won’t lose!”
“…Mm…!”
The two of them powerfully – uttered their maxim that was both reliable
and embarrassing.
But upon seeing the siblings’ actions – Steph asked nervously:
“…A-about that… Sora, didn’t you – wanted to sacrifice Ino-san?”
“Huh~? What are you talking about, you’re such a Steph.”
Hearing Sora’s words, they carried an unmistakable 「Denial」.
She didn’t care even though her own name was being used as an insult.
“I can’t possibly let a living cultural artifact like Izuna get depressed, and
Ino
– that real man among men, how could I leave him… Steph, it’s not possible
to not get tired, but you need to wake up before you start sleeptalking
nonsense like this!”
…Sora spoke as though Ino’s value to him had risen multiple folds like a
profitable company in the stock market, and he didn’t seem as though he
was faking it.
“Also – I said I would come back, didn’t I? Amira can’t lay a hand on Ino
since he’s the only way they can get us to rejoin the game, and if they do
they can only become 「Slaves」.”
Steph spoke once more:
“B-but about Ino-san, Miko-san said 「We won’t do anything」-“
“Of course, Miko-san let us use Ino as 「Proof」, while the rest is our job.”
Hearing Sora’s crisp and blunt response, Steph’s eyes grew even wider.
Yes, Miko – didn’t need to do anything.
Because after this – Sora and the others 「Wanted everything」.
“Miko-san continuously used an ability 「Blood Devastation」 that might
cost her life, even offering an important subordinate of hers to us – now it’s
our turn to do our best – exactly what it sounds like, we need to put our
lives on the line.”
Sora announced cheerfully, while Shiro nodded in agreement.
However – the process of undergoing a chilling revelation and their next
words caused Steph to inhale sharply.
“That’s called -「Working together」 right?”
A small shadow passed by Steph.
Izuna looked up with her eyes red and swollen at Sora and Shiro somewhat
uneasily.
“You all are planning to save Grandpa, des?”
Sora and Shiro didn’t know why she was crying.
But – Sora placed his hand on Izuna’s head, fondling it somewhat forcefully,
then spoke with a laugh:

“But of course, I’ll definitely get the old man back – I’ll make a
「Promise」 with you.”
The uneasy gaze shifted towards Shiro – and what welcomed it was
「Confirmation」.
“…Izuna-tan…believe in Nii…”
It was unavoidable that Izuna didn’t know. It
was… something only Shiro knew.
When Nii – Sora – said the word 「Promise」.
Even the 「Ten Pledges」 falter under the might of it – for that word meant
an absolute oath.
But –
“…Nii absolutely…won’t go back on it…”
Hearing Shiro’s confirmation, Izuna looked up at her once again.
The hand that was caressing her head – Izuna smelled it.
And then – she wiped her wet eyes and spoke: “…Mm,
I believe you, des.”
“Alright, someone believes me, des.”
Sora spoke jokingly, while Steph looked on from a distance.
Jibril stood beside her.
“Sorry, Dora-chan, I went too far.”
“…What?”
“I was curious as to how you would react, so I couldn’t resist… but Dorachan
is right.”
- Her expression looked like she was going to jut out her tongue, as the
overly curious person spoke.
And as Steph glared at her, Jibril continued solemnly:
“The Masters will undoubtedly change this world.”
But the method – Jibril continued:
“Because no currently known methods will allow it.”
“…”
- So regarding the true way to awaken the Empress –
Steph was only half listening to Sora’s next words.
…At that time, hearing Miko and Jibril’s words – she felt something
「Wasn’t right」.
As she was searching for the reason why she felt that way – she finally
realized why as she looked at the two figures standing before her.
Sora... Shiro… the two of them…
They wouldn’t use any legitimate methods.
They snorted and laughed at things like 「Reason」.
They sliced away and ignored things like 「Common sense」.
The two had said – they wanted to rule over all the races without any
deaths nor bloodshed.
It was like a dream – a completely unrealistic goal, impossible to achieve
through reason and common sense.
- But their shadows told people that they 「Could do it」.
On that day – on the day of their coronation – Steph might have seen it.
She might have seen the same thing Jibril who was standing beside her saw
–
- As she began to understand the future she was predicting for this world,
she began feeling emotional.
“Ah~ right, Steph, you said something that I can’t ignore.”
“Huh?”
Steph snapped out of her frozen stance upon hearing Sora’s words.
“Sacrificing Ino to get two races – firstly sacrificing Ino is wrong, and –“
She once again heard something that made her freeze.
“It’s not two races – it’s 「Three」♪”
…
…- Huh?
Epilogue - Interrupted End
Part 1
She felt voices conversing behind her by the beach.
Miko, who was walking alone in the darkness, looked up at the moon and
began mumbling to herself.
“...Did he realize – I was testing him?”
No...Miko shook her head, denying her own words.
Even if he did find out, that man’s actions still wouldn’t change.
Sora from the start – never planned to sacrifice Ino at all.
The sounds of his heartbeat didn’t change at all from the beginning, and
it sounded incredibly relaxed.
- Yes, Miko was testing Sora and the others.
If Miko was in that position, being forced to make the same decision, what
would she have done?
It was very possible – no, it was unquestionable that she would choose to
sacrifice Ino.
Because it was an unnecessary risk, and that just by one sacrifice they
would acquire many benefits.
Because to ask for even more – would be 「Idealism」.
And to give up on her ideals -
- Was her limit.
“...Can we expect them?”
If it was those two, they would simply nonchalantly overcome their limits.
Just to confirm this – Miko who had used the decision to 「Save or sacrifice
Ino」 to test them, closed her eyes.
Sora and Shiro – would they choose to 「Sacrifice him」 like she would...
She had stubbornly 「Tested」 Sora and Shiro, attempting to make
them surpass limits that even she could not.
- To punish herself, to force her to live with extreme guilt for the rest of
her life, she had intentionally chosen Hatsuse Ino (him) as the sacrifice,
and -
“...Maybe we really can expect them.” At this
point, Miko finally realised.
The ruckus coming from behind her – Imanity, Werebeasts, Flügel and even
Dhampirs.
- Sora and Shiro never had the concept of 「Racial Discrimination」.
“...If it’s them – maybe we can trust them with it.”
As she spoke, she clutched her chest.
Miko felt her own heartbeat – an emotion long forgotten.
She murmured to herself while looking up at the blood-red moon.
Part 2
“Jibril.”
“I’m here.”
Upon hearing Sora’s calls, Jibril immediately teleported behind him.
“You know how the Empress went into hibernation, and the conditions to
awaken her, don’t you.”
When they met Plum, it was Jibril that had explained the situation to them.
“Yes – but that was false information...”
Thinking that she would be scolded again, Jibril’s voice softened slightly,
but then Sora said:
“It’s not that, where did you get the information?”
“My hometown – Avant Heim.”
Sora continued half expectantly, half helplessly:
“...Anyway with the way you Flügel do things, you must have gathered all
sorts of written resources from all over the world, right?”
“Yes, of course ♪ “
Jibril nodded proudly in confirmation.
Looking at her expression, Sora couldn’t help but smile bitterly in
helplessness, thought to himself “Never mind” and continued pondering
the
situation at hand.
- To beat the Empress’ game.
Victory conditions that nobody knew and practically didn’t exist, and
there were extremely limited ways to find them.
But – there were still ways.
They needed – information, and -
“Steph, please work together with Izuna to search for information in the
late king’s books.”
“- Huh?”
“Regarding the continent Elkia originally possessed that bordered the
Seirens’ seas.”
And then – Sora said:
“I don’t believe that the king that had exposed the Eastern Federation’s
game wouldn’t do any other research regarding neighboring nations.”
The man that had pretended to be a foolish king with noble aspirations
– probably wouldn’t have a complete answer.
Because if he did, the Empress would’ve been awakened by now – but -
“...Even if there’s no answer, there could be observations that might lead
us to them.”
Upon seeing Sora’s eyes that contained trust in the King, trust in her
grandfather.
“Please, Steph.”
“- Alright, leave it to me.”
“...I understand, des.”
Izuna and Steph nodded in agreement at once.
“...Um, about that...w-what should we do...?”
“Ah yes, Jibril, Shiro and I.... and Plum, you come along as well.”
“Oh, a-alright... huh, where are we going?”
“Didn’t I say it earlier? - We intend on conquering three races, not two.”
Sora continued with a smile:
“Alright, here’s the problem, in order to find out about this game where the
victory conditions aren’t clear, the only surefire way is to look for records
of people that have taken part in the game previously, and deduce the
victory conditions by comparing them – so where’s the only place we can
go that probably has the most records?”
…
- A second’s pause, and then...
A whooshing sound was heard, and another one – but that was a sound
carrying a completely opposite meaning.
“Finally – finally! A new Master to rule us Flügel are to sit on the throne –
ah, to think that such a grand day would come so early!”
“Kyaaaaaaahhhhh please no! I don’t want to go to the lair of monsters like
those!”
Jibril knelt on the ground and began to pray with a force that kicked up all
the sand around her.
And the sounds of Plum struggling, yelling in an attempt to get away but
was being restrained by Jibril.
Sora ignored the commotion, and grasped Shiro’s hand.
He nodded slightly.
“Alright, let’s go – we’re heading to 「Avant Heim」.”
Afterwords
Phew~ I’m really tired w. That’s it for now! (TL note: Japanese people often
add ‘w’ to the end of words. Kind of how we say ‘lol’ a lot.)
To be honest, it all started with my editor discussing with me to turn
the episode preview I made originally as a joke to a reality.
Honestly, I never really thought about what I was going to write ←
But I couldn’t turn down the editor’s well wishes, so I decided to try it
out anyway w.
So here are the messages to you readers from our editors -
Second-generation editor S: “Kamiya-sensei, please don’t adopt such poor
work attitudes any longer.
If it weren’t for the fact that the author and illustrator is the same person,
this novel might even be delayed for another month.
Also on online message boards, please limit yourself to about three lines.”
(TL note: The author’s first few lines came from the Japanese message
board 2ch, as one author there went overboard and got famous on the
internet for being overly emotional.)
- I’m sorry, I’ll work seriously from now on, and I’m Kamiya Yuu.
『NO GAME NO LIFE 』 that was supposed to be published every five
months or so – was delayed by one month. (TL note: Japanese publishing
time.)
First, I deeply apologize for the delay.
“Sensei, please reflect on this deeply. Even deeper than the Marina Trench.”
Also, one of the reasons for the delay is because the editors got my work
progression completely wrong.
“I’m reflecting on this already, even deeper than the earth’s mantle.”
Alright, now regarding this time’s 『NO GAME NO LIFE Volume 4』.
Just like what I had planned, I attempted to write a volume with a
rather cheery, relaxing atmosphere.
Because I wanted to let up on the plot from the first to third volumes,
and continue from there.
Also, to help the story progress for the following volumes, just a cheery,
happy, relaxing volume -
...That was what I had planned, so how did it turn out like this?
“I had heard originally that this was going to have a cheery, relaxing plot, so
why is the first draft over four hundred players long? I personally really
want you to explain this mysterious scenario that seems straight out of the
X-Files.”
...Yes, the truth about this entire affair is actually even deeper than the
Gutenberg.” (TL note: A layer located between the earth’s mantle and
core.)
Do you want to know?
“Even deeper than the earth’s mantle? Spit it out then.”
I’ll be honest.
Wasn’t it because some editor wanted to make this series into a manga
with my wife?
Because of that, I ended up spending one week of each month on drawing
manga instead – essentially returning to my roots as a manga artist.
“...Eh...about that...”
Also it was because I took up one of the series my previous editor S sent
over.
Over here there isn’t much work since everyone cooperates on everything,
but just as I was rushing to finish the volume up my typewriter broke, and
as I was going to get a new one I was run over by a car that smashed my
bones to bits, but luckily since I was short on cash my insurance helped my
purse quite a bit so never mind.
“...Is that all?”
The problem is after that, because my lead editor completely messed up
my work progression, wanting me to work on three volumes, and due to
the process of dividing the workload being rather complicated, I was at my
limit just writing half a volume.
So it became four hundred pages, but since it’s half a volume the structure
of the story began to have problems, with the most worrying one being the
story lacking a climax -
Thus, I began pondering and editing the structure of the story with regards
to that.
So? Did this explanation reach the Guten-whatever?”
“It’s the Gutenberg, how should I put it, um – thank you for your hard
work ♥ “
Yeah, the situation could be mostly attributed to 「Human error」, so
please say a few words about this incident ♥
“To think that such devilish editors exist... what a horrifying working
environment...”
Yes, to think that a devil could say such words with a straight face... how
scary (trembling voice)
- Never mind, I won’t mention human error for now, but actually a lot of
other things happened that I just didn’t write down.
Such as diabetes, I was scolded by my doctor, and got food poisoning just
from going out to eat yakitori once.
- But just let me say this, all this isn’t made up.
“Kamiya-sensei, I suggest that you go for an exorcism!”
I already have!
“...Huh?”
I went to Meiji Shrine before I got cancer.
I visited Fushimi Inari-Taisha after I got cancer.
This year I went to visit Kawashika Daishi. But all this still happened
anyway.
If I hadn’t been to visit all these places, I might even be on the other side of
the Sanzu River by now. (TL note: All the places above are places significant
to Japanese Buddhist beliefs. Sanzu River is a river that traditionally divides
the border between life and death.)
Ah, but at the end of the year I went to check my bank book only to see that
it had only the number 「0」written on it, I don’t even have money to pay
the ferryman across the river... what happens if I don’t pay him? Will I come
back to life?
“No, I don’t think those sort of lifelines exist...”
Fine – just like that, I’ll stop here.
The content of this volume is relaxing, cheerful (with a deeper meaning).
But this is also approaching a sprint – the plot of this series entered its
climax in the previous volume, so to surpass it! I will sprint forward even
faster, so please support -
“Ah, Kamiya-sensei, Kamiya-sensei.”
Huh? Ah, I’m here, what is it? I’m just preparing to finish this up.
“The editor of Alive is here to rush you, is your storyboard draft
completed yet?”







Prologue
Part 1
“Over 7 billion players online now! Moving towards a future of infinite
possibilities – Create a story that is truly your own!”
… Reality.
From a broader perspective, our precious lives are but a game.
Just hearing that attractive slogan makes us want to imagine being part of
it.
Exactly as the title states, the game called “Life”, is truly an epic game that
lasts for a lifetime.
Game start.
First, you cooperate with your parents and automatically begin the process
of character customization.
After receiving blessings from your father, mother and many others in a
touching opening cutscene, you can finally begin controlling your main
character.
Even though the controls take a while to get used to, you eventually learn
them, and you are thrown into a hub of social competition – school.
The realm where this game takes place in – Earth.
We were thrown in a corner of this gigantic map, and faced a massive
sandbox game. We saw the slogan and were instantly hooked, but we
quickly noticed –
-- “We were tricked”.
Infinite possibilities – Well, this statement may not be false.
But the catch to this game was, no one told us that we could do things our
own way.
Disadvantages were caused by insufficient character levels, experience
points, funds and not to mention spawn location.
Seemingly endless shackles ruined the freedom allowed in this game.
However, we continued to work hard.
Trusting in the fanciful slogan, we constantly fell down and picked
ourselves up.
We truly believed that we possessed infinite potential.
So, we engrossed ourselves in raising our levels, farming experience
and earning money.
Despite our complaints about the unfair conditions given due to the “Talents”
or “Qualities” and other skills we received during random character
customization, we did not give up, but relied on “Effort” to increase our
experience points, endlessly working hard – That’s the kind of game “Life” is.
This really is a story that motivates and touches the heart, isn’t it?
- But, that has no meaning at all.
No matter how high your score is, you will never be able to beat this
game.
This is because even though your level, experience points and funds have
reached the cap, you will still suffer – in this case being ostracized.
Why?
- Because of putting in “Too much effort”.
Because even if it is something acquired by “Effort”. Others will still
claim it is completely unfair.
When you own “Something that others do not”, they will undoubtedly
claim that it is unfair.
Because of that, we were “Punished”.
Receiving punishment from seven billion other players, shackles were
imposed on us.
At this point, a thought flashed through our heads – - Does freedom
truly exist in this game?
No matter what choices we made, we would still receive criticisms from
society, other players or from god-knows-where.
Even if we accepted the criticisms and continued on with the game, as long as
we once again wished to achieve success, the same fate would befall upon us.
Looking back on it all, we realized –
Our actions were not carried out upon free will.
The path we have walked, was only a pre-regulated path built according to a
combination of the wishes and commands from others.
When we realized were merely – “Walking a path built by others”…
Our suspicions were only confirmed.
No mistake about it, this massive scam called “Life” was no doubt a
massive and vast sandbox game.
The thing is – The players were not ourselves.
So we unconsciously lowered our heads and looked down at our hands.
- Looking at those hands bound by infinite but yet infinitesimally
small ropes, our suspicions turned into confirmations.
So we unconsciously surveyed our surroundings.
- Looking at the others around us bound by infinite yet infinitesimally
small ropes, our confirmations turned into understanding.
As long as we shook our heads, we would hear creaking noises, which was
when the gamer siblings realized.
All the players were actually puppets. Everyone was adhering to the
countenances of others and fulfilling their preset role in this game called
“Life”. Just like puppets in a puppet show – Just like NPCs.
So, after you’ve considered the above, let me just ask one question.
“For what reason are you living?”
- Is your answer to this question, truly based on your own free will?
- ………
- This is the world as seen through the eyes of a <Puppet (NPC)>.
The <Puppet> did not question this truth in the ten years since the game
began.
The soulless <Puppet> did not feel anxious nor worried when faced with
that truth.
Just like <PuppetsPrayers>, we only look upon the faces of others, and make
requests to <HumansPlayers> though we are not even sure if they exist.[1]
All it prays for is that the tricks would one day bring about some sort of
benefit to mankind.
- Until that day.
Part 2
Elven Gard – Tillnog County, Lower Miguel
This was merely a district within the territory of the faction with the largest
amount of land, stretching three continents and 52 states.
Located southeast of the capital, close to the kingdom of the Dwarves –
Harden Fell.
- It is the city of those who were born in and would receive the blessings of
the forest, the elves.
The architecture found there was completely different compared to
the Imanity's – Elchea.
In the center of the city lies a “Heaven Tree” – With one branch stretching up
and beyond the clouds, an unbelievably large tree towered, with its roots
tangled at the forest floor like blood vessels, expanded by the elves to form a
network of roads. Houses and street lights tangle and merge with the stumps
and vines growing from the earth, filling the cracks and bumps between the
pavements.
That fashion of architecture was completely unlike flattening forests and
reclaiming land to build “buildings” made of brick and stone.
This could only be done through well-practiced and potent magic, truly a
“Living City”.
Within the streets that were one with nature, there lies a particularly
large mansion.
That is the residence of the mayor – Ron Barter.
At that time, a young lady was passing by the the gates that were
embroidered with rosebuds.
She had a mane of silky golden hair with a few curls.
A pair of pointed ears signified an Elven heritage, and the ruby on her
forehead produced faint streaks of light when struck by the sun's rays.
The person coming out to receive the girl was a man that looked as if he
had just entered old age, similarly had pointed ears, and was dressed in
clothes clearly meant for higher echelons of society.
“Welcome, Miss Fii, or should I call you Miss Nilvalen?” The girl known as
Fii replied gently in a diplomatic voice,
“I don’t mind what you call me, Barter, for I have not officially inherited
the position of the head of the family.”
The man - Barter hearing her reply, curled up the corners of his mouth into
an evil smile.
He stepped back, spread out his arms, and invited Fii into the mansion
completely made of flora.
“To allow a young maiden to travel so far just to visit my humble home, I
offer my sincerest apologies.”
“Fufu, your talent for flattery sure has not deteriorated in the slightest, I
see.”
“I never thought you would say something like that. I may be old, but I
believe my ability to appreciate beautiful flowers has not been lost….
Despite the fact that you are nothing but an ugly weed compared to my
garden, of course.”
“A flower that is being appreciated can still bloom, you know. Oh, I should
also mention that the time it takes to do so is the same as well~”
While the two of them were walking, their smiles did not diminish even
by a fraction, however during the entire trip, they did not look at each
other at all.
Barter led Fii into the main hall.
In the center of the hall, decorated by various flowers and plants, laid a
table and two chairs.
As Fii sat down, Barter took a seat on the other end as well.
“This must be extremely boring for both of us, so let’s get straight to the
point.”
He jumped right into the main issue without beating around the bush.
“For this round of senatorial elections - Nilvalen, may I request that
you withdraw?”
Barter addressed Fii by her family name directly, as though it were a
command instead of a request.
- Despite the fact that Fii had said she didn’t mind what she was
addressed as – There was an unspoken rule within the circle of nobles in
Elfen Gard, which was….
Addressing someone directly by their family name was akin to an insult.
However, Fii maintained her composure and continued smiling with not
even a twitch of the eyebrow.
“Is that all?”
“Of course not, I also request that you personally recommend me for the
elections, officially under your family name of Nilvalen.”
“Oh~ so that’s how it is.”
“Yes, the election deposits and earnest money would also be your
responsibility. Another thing, a close friend of mine, Sir Castor Lesto desires
your Golden Dragon Bone Harp, as long as you give it to him, he will
recommend me for this round’s elections.”
“Hmm… that's my family heirloom, you know! Previously, an entire city
was traded in exchange for it –“
“That is what I heard as well, I’m sure he would enjoy this gift very much.”
The corners of his mouth twisted once again, revealing a cunning smile.
His eyes drooped downwards, with his line of sight directly fixated upon
her large and supple breasts.
“I won’t force you to make the decision right away of course, so why don’t
you stay over tonight. We need to sit down nice and proper and have an
「all-night」 talk regarding how our relationship should proceed from
here? Hmm?”
“No matter how a person’s outward appearance is decorated, the
personality will remain the same you know?”
Fii replied, almost failing to hold back her laughter.
“Essentially you want money, land and women right? In this current age, I
would imagine that even mountain bandits would have more reasonable
demands.”
“That is because they know their place as small fries. Don’t you think that a
person of my position and caliber deserves to request for correspondingly
important demands?”
“I completely disagree, but if you want to think that way, then it’s your own
decision~?”
Fii continued to maintain the smile on her face, then replied:
“So, you think I would accept that kind of request, are you drunk or
something?”
“Haha, compared to being drunk, I prefer being intoxicated by the beauty of
flowers. You should have known I would have
these kinds of demands, but you still came here, didn’t you? Anyway – “
Barter snapped his fingers once.
As she sensed an Elemental Gallery being accessed, a tea set with steam
still billowing out of it appeared on the table.
A piece of tissue paper as though dancing through the air, gently landed
in front of Fii’s position at the table.
“… As the current vice-congresswoman, you actually attempted to liberate
the slaves – If you’re not afraid of me exposing you, you could always refuse
the deal? Sounds good to you?”
Hearing the threatening words spoken by Barter, Fii continued smiling
nonetheless.
She merely inspected the piece of paper on the table wordlessly.
The content written on it was simple, merely a record of Fii and her
group’s affiliation with the act and also evidence regarding the matter.
If the laws regarding slaves were removed, the society of the Elves would not
be able to remain stable, thus her actions were likened to a crime.
If this list were to be exposed to the public, it would not be a surprise if Fii
and the others were convicted with treason –

“Since you’ve already dug up so much information about us, why don’t you
go ahead and expose us?”
“I personally believe in free will, and only do things that would benefit me
personally, what good would it do me if I went ahead and exposed your
little tricks?”
“So you’re using this to threaten me instead? Freedom really is the best, isn’t
it?”
“Threaten? There you go again with such strong words… I am only offering
suggestions to a silly woman. I will train you properly, so how about you
kneel down and beg like a dog for forgiveness? Hmm?”
“I appreciate it, but no thank you – How about we get straight to the topic
here?”
“Hah, you really can’t wait, can you? Hmm? – Fine then.”
After Barter spoke these words, he snapped his fingers yet again.
A complex-looking magical formation appeared out of thin air, and a deck of
cards materialized from the center of it.
“The game is 「Oracle Cards」– I trust that this does not need
explaining?”
Oracle Cards.
A game popular among the Elves, where twenty-two magical cards are
used for combat purposes.
- It is also a dangerous game used to settle disputes.
For someone with weaker magical ability like Fii, it would be a
disadvantageous duel.
By the 「Ten Oaths」, the challenged party, Fii, had the right to select the
game. But then –
“So, let us now decide upon what each of us are willing to bet.”
Fii carefully answered her opponent with her line of sight directly fixated
upon him, her expression ever unchanging.
Both were deciding the requests that would be fulfilled under the absolute
authority of the 「Oaths」.
“Well then, I want all your personal rights – and you will belong to me for
the rest of your life, if I win, of course.”
“We want you to forget everything related to our efforts, and assist us
unconditionally to any extent.”
- This was a reasonable demand.
If Barter were to acquire Fii, he would acquire everything to her family
name and also her virginity.
On the other hand, Fii’s demand was for him to relinquish all his evidence
that he could use threaten them, and also to drain his personal savings dry
as revenge by acquiring his services.
“No problem – but for a third -rate thug like you, it’s best that you don’t
think about winning too much, you know… When imagination goes
overboard, it becomes fantasy you know?”
“Your obvious attempts at bluffing are really entertaining, hmm? Does the
disgrace of the Nilvalen family really think she can beat me?”
After a brief exchange of taunts and loaded glances – Both parties
immediately swore on the pledges.
「「 Acciente 」」
As though corresponding with the spoken word, the spells cast on the table
were activated, and the game began.
Barter and Fii were both given twenty-two cards each.
Their cards automatically hovered in the air at fixed positions, shuffling
themselves at an angle where the opponent was unable to see the card's
face.
After, both would draw cards of equal amount and type, then battle faceto-face.
- This was the game known as 「Oracle Cards」. The simple game
played with tarot cards then began.
- When both parties of the game are elves, cheating with magic is almost
impossible.
Because both parties are able to detect each other’s spells and Elemental
Galleries, if any party attempts to use magic to
cheat, it would be impossible, thus Elves particularly enjoy playing
automatically controlled games powered by magic like this.
Among which, this game known as Oracle Cards, was particularly
popular for its entertainment value and for its victory conditions.
“Set two cards down.”
Fii spoke one simple sentence, and immediately two cards disappeared
from the deck floating in the air.
At the same time, those two cards materialized on the table instantly in a
face-down position. Barter smiled, and said:
“Set two cards down.”
This time, it was Barter’s cards that landed face-down on the table.
Both would use the two cards they had each drawn to decide the victor of
the match.
Barter then uttered, rather impatiently: “How about we
reveal our cards?” “Fine~ now then-“
The two competitors simultaneously spoke a single word.
「「 “Draw” 」」
Immediately after the word was uttered, both their cards
simultaneously flipped over.
In an instant – the surrounding air seemed to have imploded upon itself,
as massive amounts of energy were drawn out of the Elemental Gallery.
The cards Barter drew were 「Strength」and 「The Chariot」.
The combination of the cards was known as -「Fame is Power」.
Fii’s cards were 「The Fool」and 「The Lover」. 「Love is
Insanity」.
The cards belonging to both parties began to emit a bright light, and semitransparent
images began to materialize in front of them.
Barter had summoned a fully armored knight that immediately drew its
sword and began its attack.
And the figure that was summoned from Fii’s cards was instead a halfnaked
maiden with an expression of exquisite pain.
The maiden moved gracefully as if she were a dancer, grabbed the knight’s
neck and softly spoke a few sentences into his ear.
The knight raised its head as though it was very troubled – then turned his
blade in the other direction.
He turned around while carrying the maiden, and slashed his sword
towards the one that had summoned him instead - Barter.
- Created by the seventh most powerful among the 「Exceed」, and
the most adept with magic, the elves.
This was the game of cards that could only be created through the
harnessing of that magic.
The 「Return Seal」 spell that was triggered on the cards harnessed the
mindless violence emanating from the knight and redirected it towards
Barter.
His response to this was – Muttering a few words, stretching out his palm,
and instantly conjuring a defensive shield.
Two magical formations appeared from thin air, to block the sword of the
knight.
An extremely large noise echoed throughout the room, and a jet of bright
light burst forward.
Large amounts of spirits exploded and burst through the entire courtyard
progressively, then disappeared.
Despite bearing such a powerful counter-attack, Barter still appeared to
be unaffected.
“Actually using a combination to reflect my attacks since the beginning, it
appears that even the cowardly weakling is afraid of being injured, hmm?”
Fii likewise replied with an unwavering smile.
“Avoiding risks in the first hand of cards is a perfectly reasonable strategy,
you know. And I would feel frustrated as well if the victor was decided
instantly in that fashion.”
“Hehe, that’s exactly the reason why others can’t put up with you…. Using
that sort of tricks in games, you clearly don’t understand the style of play, so 
how about I teach you a lesson about the methods that are up to standards
truly befit for one of noble descent, hmm?”
Essentially, this is a game of 'Oracle Cards' (Magical Tarot Cards).
- This was the ultimate duel game played by the seventh ranked race, the
Elves.
Both participants have the same twenty-two cards, and every turn two are
drawn to form a combination.
Combinations not only consist of raw power, but also possess different
affinities, and the losing party will suffer an 「Attack」 of power
corresponding with the ability of the combination used.
And those attacks can only be blocked by the magic of the player.
Used cards will be dumped into the graveyard, and after eleven rounds –
meaning after all the cards are used, both parties will be given the option of
surrendering or continuing the game. If the option to continue is selected,
both players will be given another twenty-two cards and restart the duel – as
long as one
party is unable to continue the game, then victory will be decided.
There are a total of two hundred and thirty-one combinations – predicting
and countering each one of them would be an impossible feat.
Hence the key to victory would be 「Dodging attacks」.
- Also a test used to gauge the standards of aspiring Elven mages.
Those who are able to 「Quadruple Cast」 would be only the best mages,
despite Barter being incapable doing so, he was still a very capable 「Triple
Caster」.
While Fii, on the other hand –
“ – You are only barely capable enough to 「Double Cast」 even after using
that kind of runic magic and the support soul gems used by beginners. Do
you really think that with that kind of standard, you, the disgrace of the
Nilvalen family, can triumph over me, hmm?”
- No doubt about it, in this game, victory is decided by the skill of one’s
magic.
The amount of spells that one can cast simultaneously – also represents
the strength of one’s magic and the times one has used it.
Fii that could barely reach the standard of a Double Caster, to wish of
defeating a Triple Caster like Barter, would be an impossible feat.
However Fii merely laughed nonchalantly. “Yes, of course I do think that
way! You’re already becoming this cocky even only after blocking this first
attack. How about you land a hit on me first before you act so savagely,
hmm?”
Then, she glanced upward momentarily.
The movement of the spirits had not ceased, and the second floor of the
mansion was visible from the central courtyard with petals still flying
about from the aftershock of the previous explosion.
Fii glanced through a window on the second floor – a girl with black hair and
clothes – the shadow of her 「Partner」 walking was visible, and the corners
of her mouth faintly had a ghost of a smile.
No doubt about it, this magic game had absolutely no room for the Imanity
who could not use or detect magic.
As long as they took a single hit, they would definitely lose, thus it
wouldn’t even be considered a game.
But – images of two people flashed through her mind’s eye.
A young man and a little girl wearing expressions of pride and
condescension, but at the same time carrying a hint of sadness
–
- Why do you insist on taking on the opponent head-on?
Also –
“The game ended before it even began, you know?”
Part 3
“…Cheh, that bastard Barter.”
Observing the duel taking place in the central courtyard from the second
floor with a bird’s-eye view, Barter’s butler, Fritz, rudely swore.
- From his master’s deal, his ulterior motives were obvious.
Grasping his opponent’s weakness, forcing the opponent into a game she
couldn’t possibly win, and win over her personal rights.
As long as he were to defeat that woman, the house of Nilvalen’s vote,
power, money and of course the one thing more precious than gold –
breasts, would all belong to him.
Despite Barter’s expression being generically villainous and composed, he
was almost certainly thinking of what he would do after he achieved victory.
He most definitely was thinking how he would enjoy that massive pair
of breasts in bed at night.
How could he be so certain? Because he who was standing in the blind spot
of the woman, helping Barter block the 「Attacks」 from her cards, was
also thinking of nothing but gigantic breasts.
Also the most important things related to women were her breasts, looks,
butt, waist, and legs, and not to mention these were only accessories as
compared to her breasts for
accompaniment, valued just about as much as the napkins one would
receive at a restaurant for lunch.
Her intelligence? Her skill with magic? Those were completely unimportant.
- Essentially, Fii was exactly Fritz’s type of girl.
“Ah, to meet in a place like this, it really is a coincidence. Barter’s butler…
Your name is Fritz, right?”
“ -?! You are Nilvalen’s –“
Fritz desperately turned around, and was staring at a black-haired and
black-clothed Imanity… Nilvalen’s slave.
'Her name was Kurami I think,' Fritz thought while rendered speechless.
“Cheh, you flat-chested woman, don’t simply approach me.”
Just being spoken to by a pitifully flat-chested Imanity was already bad
enough.
Also he had no time to entertain her words.
Because he had more important things to do, those being to simultaneously
assist Barter and enjoy the view of Fii’s chest – and as the flat-chested one
probably couldn’t read his inner thoughts, she continued to speak in a calm
tone:
“To meet in a place like this must also be the doing of fate, how about you
「Challenge me」 to a game?”
“… Watch your words, you lackey. At least let your chest grow three times
bigger before you talk, you inferior being.”
Hearing the words carrying condescending, insulting and infinitely other
meanings, the girl still maintained the smile on her face.
“Words... huh? How about something like –“
Her glance immediately sharpened. “I wish to expose you and Barter’s
cheating – what do you think about these words?”
“… I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“You were thinking of saying Imanity aren’t capable of detecting magic
– right?”
“……….”
While remaining silent, the flat-chested girl instead shook her head as
though acting in a play.
“That definitely is the case, for example… Note that this is merely an example.
For example, for a Double Caster to defeat a Triple Caster would of course be
difficult, but not impossible, but if you assist Barter in deflecting her
「Attacks」, then this game for you of course would be a 「Guaranteed
Victory」; and I who of course have no ability to detect magic would be
unable to prove it, thus my master – Fii is in a lot of danger here.”
“……..”
However – the flat-chested girl chuckled while covering her mouth, and
continued:
“Actually I have no need to actively expose you. Because you will admit it
anyway.”
“… What?”
“I’ll say this again, do you want to 「Challenge me」 to a game? Because if
you refuse –“
The girl revealed a cunning smile, and produced a small gemstone. “You have
been using Barter’s funds to produce 「Highly concentrated magical
potion」, and have been secretly selling it to the Dwarves – the neighboring 
country, I will report this to the police and ruin your reputation – what do
you think of this phrasing?”
“What-!?”
Fritz let out a cry that sounded as if it were a wail.
Understandable, of course.
The gemstone that Kurami was holding in her hand, was coincidentally the
potion he was selling – a prohibited product.
“Compressing and liquefying spirits then absorbing them to increase the
amount of spirits in one’s body. This is a potion created to boost magical
powers, but it also has side effects – no, it should be mentioned that it was
exactly because of these side effects that result in massive amounts of
people abusing this drug, and thus it was banned.”
And that side effect was –
“The adrenaline rush and feeling invincible after an overdose, is just like
those acquired from drugs.”
“……!”
“You should understand the situation by now right? Quickly challenge me to
a game, or else you will have no other options.”
Kurami spoke with an unbelievably sinister and cunning smile on her face,
and Fritz who was looking directly into that frightful expression couldn’t
help but twitch the corners of his mouth slightly in fear.
It’s impossible. Just end it here. “…
Ugh!”
No, I must endure it, I can’t do it yet, must not laugh yet…!
Laughing at a pitiful flat-chested girl who thinks she possesses an advantage
despite only having a bit of information, would be too shameful!
Fritz turned his back toward the flat-chested girl, and his shoulders
were shaking uncontrollably.
Don’t I look like a man that has no other options and has truly been pushed
to his wit’s end? – Stupid, this whole thing was unbelievably stupid.
This duel was instigated by Barter challenging Nilvalen.
He adopted a close-one-eye attitude towards Nilvalen’s schemes in
attempting to free the slaves and used it as a condition for the game to force 
her into accepting unfavorable conditions, and to grasp an even more
decisive victory, he even made Fritz help secretly.
But – he recalled a sentence the super busty one (Fii) had said previously…
- I would feel frustrated as well if the victor was decided instantly in
that fashion…
( - So essentially speaking, their target from the start was not Barter, but
me instead.)
Fritz struggled to hold his laughter in, as he realized that Fii accepting
Barter’s challenge so easily was also part of the plan.
In a situation where his hands were tied in assisting Barter, even a young
Imanity girl could force him into a corner.
That sort of dirty tactic should have been obvious to spot.
Also he himself should have predicted that something like this would
happen.
Him smuggling and selling magic potions, and that Fii and Kurami would
come into contact with him during the duel, all these things were already
notified in advance to him by Barter himself.
Why? Because they had went to discuss the matter with him initially.
- Your butler has been committing such crimes, and you are his master, so as
not to damage your reputation, we plan to secretly make him admit to
everything by himself, thus we seek your assistance in this matter.
They created this situation, just so he would fall into their trap.
(… That is definitely what they had thought of – It’s just too laughable!)
What these two had not realized is that, the person that they had sought
assistance from, Barter, was the ringleader of the smuggling ring.
Barter would not sell him out, because as long as Fritz confessed, not only
the smuggling pipelines, but even evidence that Barter himself was the
ringleader would all be leaked out.
Thus he had pretended to cooperate, and planned to acquire Fii for himself
in the process.
Barter himself had come up with the plan, and chose his own mansion as
the venue that the entire course of events would take place. Since the 
premise was that the plan was a secret, other than this flat-chested slave,
no others had accompanied them.
- It was too easy.
So the Imanity with the pitiful chest and the busty Elf with the pitiful brains –
the two that had attempted to frame him, ended up being trapped in the
spider’s web instead.
“… You are really unexpectedly stupid, to let even an idiot understand, I
shall attempt to explain this again.”
The flat-chested girl’s voice was like a jet of ice-cold water, sprayed at Fritz
who was still trying to control his laughter.
“You have no other options, so do you want to play a game, or have your life
ruined? Do you understand?”
Hearing this hilarious challenge, Fritz clenched his teeth and held in the
urge to laugh uncontrollably, then raised his head.
His line of sight left the courtyard, and instead he turned to look at his
opponent.
Fritz tried his best to act calm, and sat down at a table located at his side.
“… Fine, however I am bored as well, so just end this quickly.”
“What a coincidence, I cannot let this game drag on due to my partner, so
let’s just play a simple game.”
The flat-chested one sat across from him.
“Here is a perfectly normal deck of cards.” She drew three cards and placed
them on the table.
The cards were the Ace, Queen and King of Spades.
“King trumps Queen, Ace trumps King, Queen trumps Ace.”
As she said this she laid the cards face-down again, then shuffled the
cards multiple times on the table.
“We will each draw one card in its face-down position, then draw our cards
to decide victory. I’m sure even an idiot like you will be able to understand
this?”
“-Hmph, so what is your demand?”
“Isn’t that what you should be stating? Or do you want to just beg for mercy?”
The flat-chested girl laughed in an insulting manner, and despite feeling
angered by her actions, Fritz conceded to her requests just the same.
“… Then I request the destruction and forgetting of the information
「You both」 have acquired regarding the smuggling.”
“Fine, then I request that you 「Confess」 and 「Testify」, and not leave
out a single detail.”
Hearing her request presented in a warm tone, Fritz’s brow jumped
slightly.
Her aim was – for him to confess all the details related to the smuggling,
and cheating by interfering in the game currently taking place in the
courtyard.
So, these two stupid and pitiful women may be foolish, but they had thought
out their own interests before coming here, as if they hadn’t fallen into their
trap from the start….
“- Fine, 「Acciente」.” “OK, 「Acciente」……” -
Draw.
While maintaining the card he had drawn in a face-down position, Fritz
used a tiny bit of magic.
(So you think I cannot assist Barter and use magic at the same time?)
And the opponent was merely the shame of Nilvalen.
Fii Nilvalen – The most incapable existence since the founding of the House
of Nilvalen.
Even graduating from school – 「Towering Alabaster Trees」 [2] proved to
be too difficult a task for her, if not for the runic markings on the back of her
hand and her forehead, she wouldn’t be able to even Double Cast, being an
underachiever; on the other hand, Barter could Triple Cast, and his opponent
was a stupid busty woman overconfident with the illusion that it was a false
competition, even if he left momentarily, what could go wrong?
- Using the spell known as 「Perspective」, he saw that his card was an
「Ace」.
Sadly he was unable to see through his opponent’s trick before the game had
started, however this was a game suggested by his opponent, and cheating
was to be expected.
He confirmed that he couldn’t feel the presence of magic, so the only
cheating method a species like Imanity would be capable of is – Did she
mess with the deck when she shuffled, to control the card that she would
draw?
No matter, the only card that the flat-chest could beat him with
– would definitely be a 「Queen」.
The predetermined cards were only three.
Even if he turned his 「Ace」 into a 「King」, as long as the remaining card
was flipped open, his cheating would be revealed.
But, if that happened, all he had to do would be to 「Use magic to swap
the images on their cards」.
Even if she messed with the deck during shuffling to control which card
she would draw, but that action itself would be cheating.
Also, even if Fritz used magic to switch their cards, Imanity like Kurami that
cannot detect magic would be unable to prove it.
- She would be thinking something along the lines of this. (You puny
species (Imanity), do not underestimate me.)
He used the bare minimum force required to use his finger to tap the
tabletop so it would not produce any sound.
In an instant, the spirits that flowed across the table told him that the flatchest’s
card was 「King」.
Essentially speaking, she guessed that her card would be swapped with his
– and intentionally picked a card that would lose against him.
“- After all, it is the 「Shame of Nilvalen」 and her slave… How naïve.”
Fritz at this point didn’t bother concealing it anymore, then burst out
laughing.
“A dumb busty woman is better than a smart flat-chested one, women’s
vitamins rather than being sent to the brain, would be even more of value if
they were transported to their chests.
However – if one is both dumb and flat-chested, then it’s a really
incurable case.”
“… It appears the rumor that character cannot be developed without
having it from birth is true.”
The flat-chest wrinkled her forehead in displeasure.
Fritz cleared his throat slightly, as he did not need to do anything
besides let his opponent fall into his trap.
“So, can we flip our cards now?” “Fine, then it will
be your loss.”
They flipped over their cards simultaneously. Fritz’s card, as
expected, was an 「Ace」. And the flat-chest’s card was –
- A 「Queen」.
“… H-How could this be - !? This is impossible!?” Fritz kicked away
his chair and yelled.
How could this be possible? Impossible, it shouldn’t be this way – hearing
Fritz’s howls, a smile appeared on Kurami’s face.
- It was a gentle smile. Yes, spreading on her face like the sun.
“… Heh, it was different from the card you peeked at, are you surprised yet?”
- After the pitch of her voice changed, Kurami’s body appeared to shimmer.
“Magic, should be used only after you detect who you’re using it on, you
know!”
The black-haired girl disappeared as though she was a mirage, and instead
turned into a girl with a mane of blond hair, which was to say –
“You…. You are Nilvalen!?”
Fii who had previously taken on the image of Kurami, returned to her
original form.
“Yes, I am Fii Nilvalen.”
Fii smiled indulgently, with the shape curling up into a sideways halfmoon.
“You were saying compared to my brains, my vitamins had all went to my
breasts right…? Then I have a question for you, in the case of you, where did
your vitamins run off to – the growth of your thing down there doesn’t seem
that good either.”
In an instant, spirits scrambled over Fritz’s body, inspecting the condition of
his body, and Fii smiled until both her eyes were but tiny slits.
“Both the top and the bottom are not being used adequately, I really feel
sorry for the vitamins that you have absorbed, you know!”
But Fritz did not take particular notice of her insults – He lost? Lost to
Nilvalen!?
“You do not need to be this bewildered, hmm? Despite being both small and
short "down there", there will definitely be people that will like it… But if
your brains and appearance are both lacking, then I really have nothing to
say~?”
- Then – t-t-then!?
“… Impossible! Then the one currently dueling against Barter
– who is it!?”
Part 4
“Kurami~ I’m already done on my part~”
Fii Nilvalen stretched her body out from the balcony, and waved
towards the courtyard.
Instantly – the body of Fii Nilvalen that was currently in a duel against him –
no…
The one that was merely imitating her appearance – took off her veil,
returning to her normal appearance.
The black-haired and black-clothed girl that appeared in her place –
Kurami Zell, took a bow gracefully.
“- Thank you for your cooperation, Sir Barter.”
“… No, no, my servant has been doing illegal things behind my back, I have
to take responsibility for not realizing earlier, um.”
Upon seeing the Imanity female that had bowed deeply, Barter hid away his
shock, and spoke with a wrinkled brow.
“No, but this is different from what we had agreed on earlier? Hmm? You
both agreed with me that this would be carried out in secret… I had not
heard that there was another accomplice.”
When she heard Barter’s question, the girl exclaimed “Hmm?” and tilted her
head in confusion.
“If I may speak, if there were any uninvited intruders in your mansion, you
would have detected them before anyone else right?”
“Um, uhm….”
That was the truth, and Barter had nothing to say in return.
The mansion only had him and Fritz, Fii and Kurami, and numerous
other helpers in it.
It was his own mansion, as long as there were others inside, he would have
detected it, as within the mansion there were numerous spells of this
capability.
Not to say that he intentionally utilized this advantage to carry out the duel
in this venue, but –
Then how did this female Imanity, carry out the duel with him previously?
The black-haired female chuckled and said: “According to the deal,
only the both of us came.”
“Yes, yes, forgive me for being rude… Then, then this game will be
considered null and void, so let’s end it now, hmm?”
- Not right, something was not right.
Barter felt a strong sensation of unease, and stood up from his seat.
First things first just void this duel, and quickly plan what needs to be
done next –
“Hmm? Sir Barter, did you misunderstand something?”
- Hearing that line that chilled him to the bone, Barter quickly turned
around.
The black-haired girl, Kurami, had stood up as well – with an expression of
extreme mockery on her face.
“Set two cards down.”
Two cards from the girl’s deck disappeared and materialized again on the
tabletop.
“I have not agreed – to end the game you know?” “- What!?”
In a situation where both parties have yet to agree to end the game, the
game will not end.
“You, you, what are you trying to do!?”
“To continue the game of course, please return to your seat, if you wish to
surrender, then I have no choice but to redeem the reward.”
Hearing the words Kurami spoke, Barter’s eyes opened wide.
He had previously thought that he would definitely win, so he didn’t pay
much attention to her demands.
- “We request that you forget all about our plans, and assist us
unconditionally and to any extent.”
Even though the phrasing was somewhat different, but it was of the same
severity as his request to Fii – no, even worse.
He would forget even the details of the game, and would become their
slave.
In comparison to this: Barter’s request was:
- “I request your personal freedom – and you must obey me for the rest of
your life.”
In this situation, the person that had agreed to the duel was Kurami, and
not Fii.
Even if Barter had won, he would only win an insignificant slave
belonging to the Nilvalen family.
He had initially believed that the opponent had agreed to conditions
advantageous towards him – but instead he was the one that had accepted
disadvantageous terms - !?
“You, you both!?”
“Barter! Your time is almost up, do you wish to surrender?”
In contrast to the emotionally unstable Barter, Kurami asked the question
nonchalantly.
- If one party has already picked their cards, and the other does not draw
theirs within a given period of time, it would be regarded as the other party’s
defeat.
Barter remembered this rule, and quickly yelled out: “- ! Set two
cards down!!”
Following Barter’s order, two cards disappeared from his deck and
materialized on the tabletop.
Kurami smiled with pride. 「Draw」
When the command was uttered, the four cards were
simultaneously revealed.
Barter’s cards were 「The Moon」 and 「The High Priestess」.
「Within the robes lie Deceit」.
Kurami’s cards were 「Justice」 and 「The Emperor」. 「My rule is
Absolute」.
As compared to Barter’s combination’s ability which dispelled the enemy’s
attack and resisted the opponent, Kurami’s combination’s ability was to carry
out its own will over all others while releasing all possible status effects upon
the enemy. The sword drawn by the emperor, revealed the true identity of
the high priestess, and relieved her of her position.
Removing the opponent’s power and influence, the emperor's strength was
then directed towards Barter who appeared to be still in a daze.
“- Ugh!?”
He hurriedly casted a defensive spell.
Just as the emperor's sword was about to connect, three spells activated at
once.
But the hurriedly made defensive shield made a cracking noise, and caused
scalding damage to Barter’s Elemental Gallery as the sword broke through.
After the explosion and blinding light had subsided, a voice spoke behind
the panting Barter.
“Oh no! It appears that strike had diminished your stamina by at least half,
hmm!”
Turning around, he saw Fii leisurely walking towards him with his dejectedlooking
butler trailing behind.
“! Fritz – you actually lost to a weakling like Nilvalen!?”
Upon hearing Barter’s scolding, Fritz’s facial expression twisted
slightly, but he remained silent and bent his head downward.
While Fii who was standing beside him spoke with a relaxed smile:
“It was inevitable, wasn’t it? He let down his guard because he thought I
was an Imanity.”
“You shut up, Nilvalen! You bitch, how dare you lie to me!?”
“Sigh~ what do you mean lying, such an ugly word… Because…”
Fii’s line of sight shifted towards Kurami who was still sitting at the table.
And Kurami merely nodded her head once, a cold smile appearing on
her face.
“- You were the one that had planned to cheat us to gain victory, weren’t
you.”
Barter took a deep breath, and Kurami continued:
“You were the one that ordered your butler to smuggle contraband and earn
illegitimate cash – did you really think we wouldn’t know?”
“As long as you pretended to cooperate and set a trap for us, you could
eliminate the evidence, and gain all the benefits –“
“When the plan fails you call off the game, and refuse to admit anything –
you really are a dirty person.” [3]
Upon hearing Fii and Kurami’s accusations, Barter’s facial expression
twisted violently.
The plan was a failure from the beginning, they clearly knew his intentions,
but instead they used it against him - …No!
“Heh, heh heh… You’re still one step behind, Nilvalen.” “Yes? Looking for
me?”
Fii opened her eyes wide and tilted her head to the side in confusion
while Barter confidently shouted:
“Since I’ve found out that the one dueling against myself was this little
strumpet, then the evidence of you cheating is obvious! Because a normal
Imanity would never be able to block the 「Attack」 of the cards, it was you
who helped here, wasn’t it!?”
- No mistake there, since the game began, they had already contested
three rounds with seven battles between them.
So in forty rounds, Kurami had been targeted by several 「Attacks」.
Barter clearly saw her using magical shields to deflect the attacks.
Since Imanity are unable to use magic, then it was definitely Fii who was
helping her – but…
Fii was speechless when faced with these accusations, instead scratching
her cheek and replying with a chuckle:
“The person who had instructed his butler to do the exact same thing,
shouldn’t have the right to say anything, right~ …”
Kurami continued:
“Also that wasn’t even considered cheating – you fool.”
Faced with a direct accusation, Barter was momentarily stunned.
“How about you take a moment to chew on the pledges regarding the
game – when I confirmed the conditions, I clearly said 「We」.”
- At this point, Barter really opened his eyes wide, unable to think of a
reply.
Since the opponent had stated 「We」, then the game would be considered
as a duel between Barter and a tag team consisting of Fii and Kurami. The
rules did not restrict leaving the area during the course of the game, so even
if Fii was casting defensive barriers at a distance, it wouldn’t be considered
as breaking the rules – no, wait, before that.
(She changed their appearances so as not to let us find out, and was
simultaneously playing a game on the second floor while casting defensive
barriers -?)
Kurami sighed and frowned slightly.
“… Fii, it appears this moron has finally realized it.”
“Since he has an unfair disadvantage of blood overly concentrated in his
posterior area and not being transported to his brain, we can forgive him for
now right?”
Fii said that while chuckling, but her voice sounded chilling enough to cut
through bone.
“He fell for it even when using such a simple word game, how
disappointing. I had even prepared much more
complicated back-up plans, strategies and traps – for no purpose since
they’re all unnecessary now anyway.”
The underachieving girl standing in front of him sighed as though she
couldn’t take it anymore.
“Just a quick mention… Your cards were too easy to guess, initially you would
definitely take the offensive, and use a curse combination if the attack were
to be blocked. Since you don’t like countering, you wouldn’t use it, and the
combination just now was just a result of your panic, to survive the round,
you attempted to use cards to 「Prevent Attack」, even an
idiot could – sorry, if it was so, it would be normal if you couldn’t guess
that.”
Barter’s shoulders were shaking uncontrollably due to anger, shame – and
a pang of fear that was almost painful to admit.
In the forty rounds of cards, Kurami only suffered very few 「Attacks」.
And that was only in the early phases where luck played a much bigger role,
in the later rounds – all his cards were seen through by her.
This was not the doing of an Elf, but a puny species (Imanity) had managed
to –
“- Don’t underestimate Imanity, you useless old man.” This
unpredictable black-haired girl….
“…OK – Let’s continue the game!”
… She said it with a laugh as though from a god of death. --…….
Sharp and fast-flowing spirits bound Barter’s arms – disrupting the nerve
systems within his Elemental Gallery.
A pain too exquisite to describe, made the centuries-old man, cry like a
baby,
After the blow sufficient to scatter all the flowers growing in the courtyard
had subsided – The Elven old man had fallen from his chair, writhing in
pain, while the young Imanity girl whispered to him gently:
“– This concludes the fourth round, what do you plan to do from here? Sir
Barter.”
“Eh, eh”
“Also, you should have noticed by now, Fii… my master (Fii Nilvalen) – is a
「Hex Caster」.”
When he heard that whisper, the old man’s skin turned whiter than a piece
of paper.
He knew that it was not a bluff.
Because if it were untrue, it would be impossible to explain the various
things Fii was capable of doing.
Kurami crouched down, as though to console the pale, shuddering
old man and continued:
“No problem, even though you look as if you have no remaining energy to
cast defensive barriers – you still have a good chance of winning, as long as
you are able to predict all my following cards and finish me without taking a
single hit, draining the power of the Hex Caster in the process.”
- After stating the one-in-a-trillion chance, Kurami laughed.
“There’s no problem even if you lose, it will only hurt a little
– you’ll only die if you’re not careful.”
- Yes, the exact feats entailed in that were – what Kurami had pulled off just
minutes earlier.
Even a puny species could do it, so it shouldn’t be too hard for an Elf –
“I su- I surrender! I’ve lost! So please, stop the game!”
“-OK, so it’s our victory then. It’s been hard on you, Sir Barter.”
Kurami ignored the pitiful old man, stood up from her seat while Fii
embraced her with a cheer.
“You are amazing!! An Imanity besting over an Elf in this game, it must be
the first time huh?!”
“… Beating this old fool has nothing deserved to be praised so much about,
after all, he was the weakest among all our recent opponents.”
Fii looked as if she was comforting the unhappy Kurami, stroking her
hair gently, then turned around.
“Now –“
Fixating her eyes upon the still-prone Barter and Fritz who was still standing
motionless in shock.
“So Sir Barter, please adhere to the pledges, and forget everything
related to our business.”
And then – Kurami spoke with a large smile on her face.
“Continue your illegal smuggling and vending as per normal.”
-Wait… What?!
“And then, Mr. Fritz! You will 「Confess everything」 in – half a month’s
time.”
- What is going on?
While Barter and Fritz were still in the midst of their confusion,
Kurami walked closer to the table.
“Now we should be taking our leave. But, before that –“
She lifted up the deck of tarot cards used in their game, and shuffled them
while smiling.
“I will predict your futures as a gift.”
”Eh? Kurami, you actually know how to do this? It’s the first time I’m hearing
of it.”
“Yeah, because it’s the first time I’m trying it today, but – these futures
will definitely come true.”
Kurami said that jokingly but yet somehow sinisterly, and began
shuffling the cards –
“Oh, some interesting cards have appeared, um – let me take a look?”
After she said that, she flipped open the four cards one by one. -
「Temperance」.
“After today, you will successfully continue your potion smuggling and
vending business with the Dwarves.”
-「The Tower」.
“But half a month later… Oh no, this is terrible, the Dwarves doing business
with you will confess 「For some reason」.”
-「The Wheel of Fortune」.
“Also 「Very coincidentally」, the butler will be found implicated in the
affair, your evil doings discovered one by one … Then –“
-「Judgment」.
“Sir Barter will be brought to justice by the government – story ends,
please restrain your grief.”
Ignoring the two pale-faced men, Kurami spoke to Fii as though acting
in a play:
“Heh, interesting isn’t it, Fii. If Sir Barter is arrested, I wonder who will
assume position of head of his company that so happens to be the top
trading company of Elven Gard, Will Andomoro (ウイル アンドモロ)?
“Oh, coincidentally it happens to be the young master of the Enrihl
(エンリヒ) family whom we 「Played with」 just three days ago.”
- All this, was in their control. When he saw their sinister and yet allknowing
smiles, Barter furiously roared:
“Nilvalen, you – no, what are you both planning!?” Both replied with
chilly smiles:
“Eh? It’s OK if we tell you actually~”
“You’ll forget everything anyway, which of course includes this meeting we
had.”
Barter couldn’t help but shudder upon seeing the innocent smiles on the
faces of the two demonic women.
- What kind of monster have I provoked?
“OK, now just like we swore on the pledges – Goodbye, Sir Barter.”
“I will pray for your sake, hope your business thrives from here on out~”
- Just like that.
With a snap, as Kurami and Fii snapped their fingers…
All their memories regarding the events that happened on that day, vanished
without a trace.
Part 5
Kurami and Fii pulled down their identical veils to mask their faces.
Both of them were not there, and were never there. That was the
way things worked.
Carefully avoiding the detection of the eyes and ears of others, both of them
leaped from the top of Sir Barter’s mansion.
The spell conjured by Fii caught them mid-air with a force greater than
gravity, lifting them both gently up and into the air.
- They overcame air resistance, and flew through the night sky.
Only the red moon, the starlight, and the light of the city were left,
illuminating the surrounding landscapes.
This was the city within the forest, a green metropolis woven through utterly
and completely trained magic. It was a sight Kurami was used to seeing – but
even for those seeing it for the first time, and obvious despite the faint light,
Elven Gard’s different castes of civilization could be observed – the duo’s
hoods billowed in the wind as they cruised through the skies above the city.
“Kurami was perfect just now~”
From the trees – no, from one building to another, as if hopping from roof to
roof, Fii said:
“You had to defeat that useless old thing without any help from me, I was
really worried you know.”
“… Let’s drop the subject, Fii, are you OK?”
“Hey, it’s not a bad feeling to have Kurami worried once in a while, you’ve
really grown~”
Fii maintained the spell that allowed them to continue floating in the air
while replying with a mischievous grin on her face.
But even in the faint lighting, Kurami could clearly see that the gemstone on
Fii’s forehead had lost its usual glimmer and was now dark due to overuse of
magic.
Sir Barter and his butler Fritz…
They were 「Triple Casters」 and 「Double Casters」 respectively, although
they were not yet considered top-ranked, they were still exceptional mages.
But… Kurami glanced at the girl cruising through the night sky beside her,
and was immersed in thought. - Fii Nilvalen.
Kurami was serving her master as a slave, head of one of the very few
highly prestigious families in Elven Gard.
Due to poor results, she was expelled from the most prestigious magical
learning institutions in the land - 「Tree of White」.
She drew white runic markings upon herself and wore a support
gemstone used by beginners, while those not in the know mocked her
and labelled her as the most incapable
existence since the founding of the House of Nilvalen – calling her 「Scrap
metal」.
But, those who knew better (Kurami) merely snorted at the insults, and
thought of her as the most talented existence since the founding of the
House of Nilvalen – as though she were a precious ingot of 「Gold」.
Fii had never intentionally revealed her true strength to Kurami.
However –
She had cast magic on herself and Kurami to disguise themselves, and in
order not to let Barter and Fritz realize, she had also cast more spells on
them to prevent them from being recognized, even placing 「Defenses」 on
Kurami from a long distance during the game of Magical Tarot Cards, all
while dueling Fritz… She had casted six spells at once.
「Hex Caster」- She was undoubtedly beyond the level of a talented mage.
No, previously in their game with Sora and others – the game of Reversi
that was only made possible through the usage of Jibril’s core.
The Flugel, ranked sixth, possess astronomical power, and Fii could actually
conjure up a spell strong enough to deflect one of their attacks.
Based on this fact, it is easy to imagine that the words “incredibly talented”
wouldn’t even be enough to describe the sheer talent Fii possessed.
Considering that she is in such a high caliber, even the school that had
expelled her, might recruit her as a professor.
… She should at least be enjoying that sort of treatment. “Hmm…? Is
something wrong? Kurami?”
Her golden hair billowing in the night air, her skin white as snow even in
the darkest night, and her smile was even more illuminating and attractive
than the sun.
Fii Nilvalen, not only born to a normal family but also possesses
abnormal intelligence and adept magical ability.
What should be waiting for her would be a bright and hopeful future – if
she had not given it all up herself.
Yes, she had rejected a fantastic future that was within her grasp.
She had hidden her actual potential and portrayed herself as a useless
person, even choosing to defy her hometown, country and even her race.
She did all that not for anyone else, but only for the sake of one person –
“- …Nothing.”
Only for her best friend.
Kurami silently bent her head down and exhaled loudly.
Choosing to call a mere slave and Imanity (herself) her best friend, and
oppose the rest of the world.
Slave liberation – how nice it sounds indeed.
However, that would be equal to releasing Elven Gard’s national secrets.
For if they attempted to free the Fairies and such, who are being harnessed
for their advanced magic, it would be akin to selling out their country’s
secret weapons to other countries.
If things got to that stage, the Dwarves - Hagenfell would not miss such a
great opportunity.
Elven Gard would probably lose a continental territory that has been
contested for nearly a thousand years due to a land dispute.
Even worse, the country would fall apart, and the inevitable fate if that
happened – would be obvious enough not to mention it.
- As long as it was for Kurami, it didn’t matter even if her hometown
were destroyed.
She swore it, and she genuinely meant it. To be honest, she had already made
several very dangerous moves.
For Fii to be like that, Kurami had only gratitude, and a feeling akin to
yearning that seemed to transcend race and age.
- But Kurami couldn’t help wondering, what about herself?
Even if it didn’t show on her face, Fii’s soul gem showed that she was
exhausted.
She couldn’t even win a game without relying on such a remarkable
person to bear such a heavy burden.
Whether or not she was worthy of being the 「Best friend」 of someone like
Fii –
- Suddenly she felt a bolt of pain shoot through her head.
Old memories flashed past, and Kurami stopped in mid-air while holding
one hand to her head.
- A pinky swear with a young girl, and a puppet that desired to become a
human.
Had he – the puppet – Sora ever thought that he would serve as shackles to
bind the young girl?
The girl had the ability to cruise the broad skies alone, but he instead
became a burden that tied her down to the ground –
“Eh… Kurami, is there something wrong?”
Her best friend noticed that she stopped and turned around for her, while
Kurami looked down and replied:
“… Fii, sorry. If I could do better…” “Kurami…?”
Elven Gard, with overwhelming affinity for magic as its weapon, a
superpower that controlled nearly 30% of total land mass.
Its national power was over twice the size of the country of the Dwarves,
Hagenfell, that was ranked after the Elves, taking the position of the largest
country in the world.
Its foundation was as sturdy as a castle, just finding one opening in its
defenses was harder than attempting to reach beyond the heavens -
… No, that was merely an excuse.
The images of two people flashed across her mind, and Kurami clenched her
fists even tighter.
“This time, if it had been 「Those two」- then magic shouldn’t even
be necessary.”
“Kurami.”
Removing the high-ranking officials controlling transport, trade and
welfare step-by-step, secretly shaving off their power, that would only
create an opening smaller than a needle, as though an ant’s nest.
But if this continued how long would they have to wait until – “Not only
that, they should be able to win even more!”
After many smaller games have been played, the loopholes will gradually
increase.
If the higher powers were to detect their activities, their existences
would be wiped out in an instant.
What they needed was a move like Sora had used in the game of chess -
「Using an unexpected strike to end the game in one move」.
“But… all I’m doing is being a burden to Fii, and I haven’t improved a
single bit –“
“Kurami!”
Kurami’s clenched nails were almost piercing through her skin, but a calm
yet powerful voice stopped her just in time.
“Kurami can’t possibly become 「Those two」.” “…. Yeah, I get it.”
Kurami looked down dejectedly. She knew, even if she imitated Sora,
it would have no meaning.
Sora and Shiro would only be 「 」 when they were together
– would only be Imanity’s strongest gamers. She needed to find a
method suitable for herself – “No, you don’t understand at all,
you know!”
Kurami who had her thoughts interrupted looked up.
“I don’t know what kind of memories Kurami received from Sora-san, but
what kind of person Sora-san is – I believe I have at least a slight
understanding.”
In the hypnotic glow of the forest city, Fii said seriously.
“Sora-san had calculated that they couldn’t do it themselves, which is why
they chose Kurami instead!”
“… Yes, but considering I’m like this –“
“Also, they had calculated that Kurami alone can’t do it, so they sent me as
well!”
“--!”
“Both us and them are two as one, and don’t even think about not borrowing
my power in order to win games, that would be like trying to do alone what
Sora-san and Shiro-san do together you know!”
“…Fii.”
“Kurami can borrow my power you know, it makes perfect sense.”
They are a team of two, we are a team of two as well.
If the result is the same, then there would be no need to feel shameful –
but…
“But I’ve always been a burden to Fii, and not –“
“It’s only because Kurami is around that I can do my best… and –“
Fii grasped the hand of Kurami who was still looking downward,
then said while smiling:
“I know, of course! Kurami has been looking through Sora-san’s memories
daily, digging up all of Sora-san and Shiro-san’s strategies and tactics,
wanting to make them your own –“
Her expression changed, and her eyes revealed an expression of worry.
“Because of that, you haven’t slept for a long while, haven’t you?”
“………!”
“If Kurami doesn’t sleep, then I won’t sleep as well. If Kurami does her best, I
will do my best. If you think I am very tired – then of course Kurami yourself
must be very tired as well!”
Fii said while looking into Kurami’s eyes.
- Rubbing at heavy eyebags that couldn’t even be shielded by the night sky,
speaking gently as though a mother lecturing her child:
“Kurami, if you’re worried that I’ll stress myself out, then I want you to
promise me, tonight you have to sleep well… At this rate, 「Both of us」 will
collapse together, you know…”
“… Sorry, I’ve worried you so…” “Hmph, of course
not.”
Fii intentionally puffed up her cheeks.
“At this point there should be other things to say right?” “… - Yeah, thank
you, Fii.”
Fii smiled and nodded her head, took Kurami by the hand then recast the
spell to lift them into the air.
“Also, I think the reason why Sora-san gave us the mission in Elven Gard,
wasn’t for a particularly serious reason… am I wrong to say this?”
Both of them recalled the face of that man – imagined his bored
expression, then simultaneously exclaimed:
“'Politics and power and whatnot, all that crap like dividing up a country is
way too troublesome, so I’ll just leave you two to it.'”
The duo laughed bitterly, then soared higher up into the night sky.
Part 6
At the roadside hotel where both of them were spending the night, two
beds were placed in a small room.
Fii that had removed her hood and put on her pajamas, repeated again as
though lecturing:
“So Kurami, you must get a good sleep tonight, OK?” “…Then, may I
request something?”
“What is it? Just say it, I won’t mind.”
Kurami hugged her pillow while awkwardly shifting her gaze. “U-um… Cocould
you sleep with me tonight?”
Upon seeing Fii’s satisfied smile, Kurami whose face had turned red
yelled:
“It, it’s not like that! I couldn’t sleep because I kept dreaming of Sora’s
memories! So, so what I wanted to say was, like how Sora holds Shiro – just
holding Fii’s hand will make me feel better… All this is Sora’s fault, OK?!”
“Fine, fine, it’s all Sora-san’s fault, so don’t be shy. Just like before, if you
have a scary dream, there’s no need to be courteous, just burrow into my
side of the bed, hmm?”
“I’ve already said it’s not like that, right!? Ugh, this is all Sora’s fault, why
do I have to deal with such things –“
Despite her constant swearing, she still got into bed under Fii’s constant
persuasion.
Just like that, Kurami lay on the bed with her back towards Fii, while Fii
laughed and said:
“Kurami, is there anything else you want me to do for you? Like singing a
lullaby, for example!”
“I just want you to stop teasing me and let me sleep.” “Really? Don’t you
want me to pet your head or hug you?” “……………. If Fii wants to do it, I
have no objections.”
“Yay~! Of course I want to do it, so let me pet your head for a bit, hmm!”
The touch of Fii’s hand made Kurami’s body gradually relax.
Kurami recalled previously when things happened – when she cried, Fii
would stroke her hair like this as well.
As a slave, being brought up at the Nilvalen household.
Despite Fii always standing by her side – there were a lot of painful
memories, memories that made her cry, make her feel like dying, but she
always told herself, she couldn’t immerse herself in self-pity. Kurami
frantically resisted the flow of tears until she was safely inside the covers of
her blanket – those times seemed so far away.
Now after coming into contact with Sora’s memories… Now when she was
no longer the one crying –
“Kurami… are you asleep?”
Fii softly asked – with a volume soft enough so as not to wake her up if she
was actually sleeping.
And it was Fii’s voice that prevented Sora’s memories from once again
resurrecting and keeping her awake.
“…Not yet, what is it?”
“Hmm~ if you can’t sleep, before you do, could you chat with me for a
while?”
“Of course, what do you want to talk about?”
Her casual words were at the same time spoken with a serious tone, and
Kurami curiously nodded her head, signaling Fii to go on.
“Kurami appears to completely trust Sora-san.” After which Fii
worriedly continued: “Honestly, this makes me worried…”
“…..”
“The memories that Sora-san passed onto you, are they his real
memories?”
- Sora had a Flugel by his side, so memory editing could definitely be
done through the power of the pledges.
Would he create fake memories and hand them over to Kurami just so he
could control her?

What Fii implied was this, but…
“It’s true that I may have been cheated, that is something Sora would do…”
Kurami smiled bitterly and continued.
“- Or at least, that’s what everyone seems to think.” Seeing Fii tilt her
head in shock, Kurami chuckled slightly.
“You should relax, the one that 「Thinks too highly of」 Sora – is not me,
but Fii.”
- A piece of his memories flashed through Kurami’s head.
Sora’s memories generally made others discomforted – but the one just now
was –
“Fii… do you know why the term 「Genius」 exists?” “…Eh?”
“It’s to make others admit that they are different from other humans.
Puppets refer to the people they do not understand as geniuses, those who
are praised are known as geniuses, while the reverse would be labelled as
monsters; and to most of them
– it is an insult.”
- Because they are different life forms from us, so not being able to
compare ourselves with them isn’t very surprising either.
Most people would admit this, then give up – but that puppet was different.
“Yes, he was really just a puppet.”
- He was merely normal (an idiot). “But he refused to
be just a puppet.”
- A genius that yearns for what lies before him (the real thing).
“So – he experienced things that makes one question how he still managed
to remain standing.”
Thus, Kurami in a state of being half-asleep and half-awake, traversed
through Sora’s memories.
To invent something that would allow something that was bound to the
ground to fly – how would one test whether the invention had worked or
not?
The answer would just be to try flying – to verify whether or not one would
crash, no matter how many times one crashed, even if your body and soul
were smashed to bits –
“… He would still stand up, cheerfully, and pretended as though nothing
had happened.”
Bleeding inside, clenching his teeth, he looked at his sister, then stood up
again.
Any characteristic we would typically expect in a genius did not exist in
him at all.
- It’s true, having a capable sister really is hard, Onii-chan.
“Sora – is extremely stubborn, so you could catch up to him – no, even
surpass him without any problem. He’s just at a level that’s definitely
attainable, as long as you are 「Human」. Just as he claims, he’s just an idiot.
Although he’s an idiot, he’s also the real thing, constantly pursuing what he
yearns for, constantly struggling - a normal… idiot.”
… As she said this, Fii’s hand was still gently stroking her head.
Kurami’s consciousness was also gradually fading.
“What he needs is just a little bit of – but to truly understand it is – a truth
hard to comprehend…”
As she was falling asleep, Kurami recalled what Sora had said during the
King selection games in Elkia.
- When it comes to contests and brutal fights to the death, we are veterans
way more experienced than you…
This line spoken by Sora seemed to overlap with one of his past
memories –
- Emptily gazing down at both of his hands that were covered in fresh
blood…
Merely wanting to be human –
A puppet’s memories – “…Really…too stupid…can’t even… tell a lie…”
“Kurami?”
… What replied to her call was merely the breathing of someone in a
deep sleep.
Still fondling Kurami who was muttering to herself in dreamland, Fii
began to think.
And, another thing – she gazed up at the ceiling, thinking about Kurami’s
unfinished sentence.
Fii remembered the face of the stupid man who according to Kurami was
unable to even tell a lie.
- Remembered the face of the man whose existence itself could almost be
substituted for the word “lie”.
The face that was always cocky and smiling, that made you go on full alert at
first sight of him –
“-Ah…”
At that time, Fii’s thoughts had finally run their course.
“So that’s how it is… 「The liar that can’t lie」…So it’s something like this,
hmm…”
The things that man had experienced, was enough for Kurami to think that
he had lived a tragic life, that sort of man -
Why – would he want others to feel apprehensive towards him?
The unease that Fii had been feeling for a long time suddenly disappeared.
The answer – the future that Fii, Kurami, Sora and others had all been
fantasizing about.
As her thoughts led her to reach a point of ecstasy, a small smile
gradually appeared on her face.
Immediately, a wave of sleepiness that she had not felt in a long while
came over her, and she closed her eyes.
- I can’t wait.
Carrying these feelings within herself, she had for a really, really long time –
for an unclear amount of years, even, not fell into such a deep sleep.
Chapter 1: Try
Part 1
“Waaaaaahhhhhh!!”
- The capital of the Elchean Federation, Elchea
The last fortress of the Imanity - The lowest-ranked among the 「Sixteen
Races」
Until a mere few months earlier, it was a country on the brink of extinction,
being forced down to its last city.
However now it had annexed the large maritime country, the 「Eastern
Union」, and was expanding its territory at a speed never-before-seen.
A sharp, loud scream of agony came from the capital of a nation that
was slowly turning from a 「Nation」 to a 「Federation」.
- In an instant.
The workers within the city that were extremely busy froze for a moment as
though time had stopped completely, but it was only for an instant, and they
soon resumed their work, seemingly as if nothing had ever happened.
Yep – it was a normal occurrence, and everyone there was used to it.
Everyone knew that 「That person」 was probably yelling again.
And the reason why that person was causing a commotion was probably due
to a reason as normal as it could get.
Sometimes a sympathetic atmosphere would billow over the entire city,
although everyone still had to return to their own workstations afterward.
“Argh!! Are you an idiot? You’re an idiot! You are an idiot, right!?”
The red-haired girl skilfully reconstructed her sentence thrice, and yelled
again.
- Stephanie Dora, commonly known as Steph.
She was the head of the Dora family, possessing the title of a duchess, and
she was the granddaughter of the late king as well, being a blue blood
princess.
She would definitely be a ladylike woman with incredible potential in the
future – however those features weren’t present at all at that moment, and
she had absolutely no way to explain away the situation she was in.
She sat on a chair, scratching her head furiously, looked up and roared
loudly.
“…Who’s an idiot, des?”
This query was raised by the Werebeast that was sitting cross-legged on the
floor beside Steph – Hatsuse Izuna.
Her age appeared to be in the single-digit range, being a young yukatawearing
girl with huge fox-like ears and a bushy tail.
The book in her hand was upside-down, however Steph didn’t bother
correcting her.
“I mean Sora and Shiro, no, it’s me!! What did I say – leave it to me – argh!!
Am I an idiot? I’m an idiot!!”
She continued yelling with her arms spread wide.
“Find the real reason why the Seirens Empress is hibernating from the
library of the late king!! Leave it to me!! Isn’t this what an idiot would say!?
How many books do you think there are here!? And, what I want to say is!”
She stopped for a count, and surveyed the bookshelves that covered all
the surrounding walls.
“Why and how would I accept a task like searching for a book which
existence is unclear so easily!!”
They were in the secret room of the late king – his secret library.
The late king had played the role of a foolish king in order to research and
find out the contents of the games of other nations which involve magic or
supernatural abilities, as well as how the Imanity themselves could triumph
over them.
The records that he had spent his life on – the inheritance of this great
man, was all displayed in this room, covering the walls around them.
His great work was compiled in over a thousand books, completely
filling up the library.
Even though they were already arranged according to the date written –
there was yet to be any hint of when the late king had approached the 
Seirens, so they could only inspect them one by one. Steph let out an
anguished cry upon realizing that was the task they had to undergo, which
was – what had happened earlier.
And the worst part was –
Steph pointed towards Izuna with a pained expression on her face but no
tears to fully express it – the Werebeast who was holding a book upsidedown.
“What the heck does Sora think Izuna can do? She can’t even understand
Imanity!!”
“Steph-kou, you’re really loud, des. Doesn’t it look like I’m learning now,
des.” [1] - What?
“C-could you please wait? What did you call me just now?” “…? Grandpa
said that Steph is a duchess before, des.”
“Why did you have to shorten it!? It makes me feel extremely insulted!” [2]
“…Why, des? Steph-kou.”
Izuna looked over at Steph with her head tilted.
“Ah, aaaaahhhhh, don’t insult me with your round, ignorant eyes!? If I open
the door to a new world by accident while sleep deprived, how are you
going to make it up to me!?”
Steph banged her head against the corner of a table in frustration,
however Izuna replied coldly:
“Steph-kou, stop it, let’s get to work, des. Grandpa is still waiting for us,
des.”
“…Guh…y-you’re right, there’s no use lamenting like this.”
Yes, her grandfather – Hatsuse Ino was being held hostage by the Seirens.
Izuna was tired as well, but even she was trying her best to learn the Imanity
language, so Steph had no right to complain – Steph took a deep breath in an
attempt to calm herself down.
After which she corrected Izuna.
“Speaking of which, Izuna…that book’s upside down.” “…! I-I knew that, des.
I-it was on purpose, of course. Des!?”
Izuna hurriedly flipped her book right side up, while Steph continued to
correct her.
“Also, even if you really didn’t mess up it’s fine, but the Imanity language is
different from the Werebeast language, it’s read horizontally!”
“-? There’s a difference between reading horizontally and vertically,
des?”
Izuna widened her eyes with a curious expression on her face. “…Izuna, I’ve
never asked you before, but how old are you?”
Izuna began counting off numbers from her fingers slowly after hearing the
question.
She replied with an unconfident question:
“I…I’m supposed to start counting from zero, right?” - Steph instantly
understood.
It was completely reasonable that Izuna would be so close to Sora and Shiro,
because they were essentially the same kind of people.
They were geniuses at video games, however they knew nothing else
other than that.
Steph sighed and passed her another book. “…Izuna, you
should start from this one.” “What kind of book is this,
des?”
“It’s a book that I used while I was still studying to learn the Werebeast
language, it’s in a game format between the two countries –“
“Oh, I understand, des.”
Upon hearing the word game, Izuna immediately snatched the book from
her and began flipping through it at a furious pace.
Steph approved of her newfound motivation, and knew she was actually
trying her best.
But if she read that fast she probably wouldn’t understand anything –
Steph looked up at the ceiling and let out a long sigh.
“A…anyway I need to search one by one –“
Just as Steph was undergoing her solemn revelation…
Grumble~~~~
She heard a noise and voice that made her revelation instantly dissipate.
“-Steph-kou, I’m hungry, des. Bring food, des.”
As though a switch within her had been flicked, Izuna spoke suddenly to
Steph and closed her book with a loud smack.
She was motivated, energetic, and wanted to save her grandpa. But despite
that, she actually said – bring food.
Izuna requested that with her huge round eyes that didn’t carry any
malicious intent.
The young female Werebeast scratched her large ears with her feet while
continuously waving her bushy tail from left to right.
Steph was forced to make a decision upon seeing her unbelievably
cute appearance.
One, forget everything and just collapse.
Two, make food for this inexplicably cute creature.
After struggling with herself for some time – her sleepiness finally
succumbed to Izuna’s cuteness.
“A-alright… you can’t do anything with an empty stomach anyway… I’ll
just make something simple to eat with the ingredients I have at hand.”
“Mm, I really want to eat fish, but I’ll restrain myself, you are forgiven, des.”
Just like that, Steph dragged herself slowly out of the library.
…Coming back to the main topic, you all still remember that this is Elchea,
right?
At that time Steph could have just collapsed without a care in the world and
leave Izuna’s meals to the chefs in the kitchen, however she had completely
forgot about this selection. Steph lifelessly trudged out of the library, while
Izuna followed her with her tail still waggling, and no-one bothered to
remind them about it.
Part 2
Let’s switch the scene – to twenty thousand meters in the air.
Sora began thinking at an altitude almost three times as high up as the
Himalayas.
How should he describe the scenery in front of him? - First, please
imagine a Rubik’s cube.
Then hand this Rubik’s cube that requires a certain level of intelligence
over to someone that is pretty far off from that certain level of
intelligence.
After being forcibly taken apart by a pair of pliers, the splinters of the Rubik’s
cube would then be splattered all about the floor.
Now resist the urge to complain, and repeat those previous actions about
a thousand more times.
So? Do you get it now?
The scenery was arranged in such a fashion – which was the scenery
around Sora.
“Welcome to my hometown located on the back of the Phantasmas,
the floating city – Avant Heim.”
With her back facing the small mountain of splinters of Rubik’s cubes.
Jibril introduced her 「City」 with a sweet smile on her face, while Sora
responded dumbly:
“Um, I’m pretty sure that all the cities I know of at least have roads in them.”
The scenery around them was knitted and woven with countless
gigantic cubes stacked upon each other.
In the eyes of a renowned artist, there would probably be some meaningful
theme to it.
However, regretfully, the eighteen-year-old mortal virgin Sora could only
describe it with one word.
Which was – chaotic.
“Anyway, Jibril – let me say this about the Flügel.”
“…「Unobstructed spaces」…are important…”
- Sora and others began working at the same time as Steph and Izuna.
To discover the true conditions to awaken the Empress of the Seirens – so,
in order to carry out comparison and evaluation with people that had
underwent the same game, they had went to the one place in the world that
stored the most information.
Which meant – the city of the Flügel, Avant Heim.
“Ah, Master, don’t stray too far away from me, as the air here is somewhat
thin.”
Sora and Shiro nodded complacently after hearing Jibril’s words.
Also Sora had absolutely no idea of how they should proceed from there.
“…Right, if only the Flügel stay here, there isn’t a need for public transport
services at all…”
In the 「City」 below them, there weren’t any doors, windows, nor roads.
To be honest, beings that could move about without any form of restriction
didn’t need those things. Although they could understand that, the fact that
the entire place was constructed with huge, countless cubes denied people
any sense of perspective, and since they had nothing to compare the place to
they couldn’t gauge how exactly big it was.
“…It’s not like a city…it’s more like a jigsaw puzzle…”
Shiro expressed her easily understandable thoughts, after which she
mumbled while looking up:
“…The sky is…blue?”
At twenty thousand meters up the place should be at the doors of outer
space, so they shouldn’t be able to see blue skies at all…
“Avant Heim is a Phantasma ranked second among the 「Sixteen Races」.
This race is ranked even higher than the race that is the source of the
Elemental Galleries in this world – the Elementals, and they are organisms
completely independent from all normal forms of reproduction. To put it
simply…
Avant Heim is another world entirely, that’s all you need to know.”
Even though the air in the atmosphere didn’t seem to be enough for her
Masters – Jibril still continued to explain.
“”Hmm…I see – I don’t get it.””
Sora and Shiro nodded as one with the same focused expression.
“No matter the Flügel or the Phantasma, you lot completely refuse to work
along terms comprehensible by others, and that for some reason makes us
feel relaxed.”
After a line of sarcasm, Sora looked towards the horizon, and saw something
under a particularly tall tree – could it be that his eyes were deceiving him…
probably not, there was something underneath that appeared to be a dragon
skull, and it was decorated lavishly and carefully as well, then left there in the
open just like that –
“…Jibril, I don’t understand the art direction of this city at all.”
“What!? This place will eventually be the throne of the Masters, to think
that you’d actually dislike it, it really makes me disappointed…”
Hearing Sora’s grumbling, Jibril replied somewhat dispiritedly.
“Speaking of which, you should probably save this girl right?”
Sora spoke while pointing towards –
“Aaaaahhhh, the sun! The sun! I’m going to melt! I’m going to melt, burn and
evaporate!”
Plum was crouching down with her body scrunched up into a ball and her
hood covering her face while crying continuously.
“Ah, I’m sorry… I completely forgot about you, are you still alive?”
“I’ll be dead in a few seconds! My power is decreasing drastically!!”
For a Dhampir like Plum the sunlight was fatal to them; and she appeared
to be barely fending off the sunlight with her magic, but that magic itself
seemed to be siphoning off even more of her energy.
“That’s it, Jibril, it’s not good to keep Izuna and Steph waiting, so just fly us
over to the place where all the information is concentrated. Also, for Plum, it
would be best if it’s indoors –“
“OK, so please grasp my arms, and then –“
She appeared somewhat nervous – but yet her expression was
simultaneously unreadable as well, and she grasped onto Sora and Shiro’s
arms and spoke:
“…Masters, I understand that it’s extremely rude for me to raise such
requests – but could you please agree to two requests of mine?”
“…What is it, it’s rare that you’re this serious.”
“- Please don’t be disappointed, and please believe.” …Sora didn’t
understand her at all.
And Jibril merely spoke this one sentence, then shouted: “That thing over
there.”
“Y-yes!?”
Plum who was referred to as “That thing over there”, replied with only her
eyes showing themselves from beneath her hood.
“I don’t mind leaving you behind here – so could you please hurry up?”
“Ah, I’ll be there right this instant, don’t leave me –“
Plum hurriedly stood up and dashed over, and in the instant she grabbed
onto Jibril – the scenery changed as well.
Part 3
There – it was probably within one of the cubes they had saw from a
distance earlier.
The place they were in was even more solemn and immense than the
Elchean National Library Jibril had hogged for herself
– it was a humongous library.
The high-perched ceilings appeared to stretch up to ten stories high, and the
interior was designed like an ancient ruin, with stone-made pillars and
stairs, intersecting corridors and curved walkways with intertwining vines
growing all over them.
And – those things that looked like 「Pillars」 were actually bookshelves.
On the other hand, there was random memorabilia scattered around the
entire place as well, and stairs and walkways arranged in impossible
fashions like a surrealist M. C. Escher painting were all over the place – and
what lit them up was, gigantic fixtures of painted glass that were definitely
not on any walls, as well as infinite amounts of floating lanterns.
It was a dream-like yet elegant place – but it was a blasphemous library
completely incomprehensible to the likes of the Imanity.
But leaving that aside for now, Sora spoke while pointing up at something:
“…Jibril, that was probably your doing, right?”
It was probably the effect of the large amount of air that Jibril had
transported for the sake of Sora and the others.
The library (of sorts) appeared to be ravaged by strong winds, and large
amounts of books were dancing about in mid-air in spiral patterns.
However Jibril looked over at that with a smile on her face and spoke:
“Don’t worry about it, Masters, the owner of this place is the creator of the
《Book Equality Law》.”
Sora looked up at the dancing books, and remembered why Jibril had took
over the Elchean National Library – or rather, the reason why she had left
Avant Heim.
Due to the fact that they had collected too many books, the books were
overwhelming Avant Heim – and they chose to deal with it by passing the
《Book Equality Law》 in the name of eliminating unnecessary books.
“Her books are the Flügel’s books, I am a Flügel, so her books are my
books.”
Her triple conjugations proved her Takeshi idealism, and she continued
with a smile on her face: [3]
“Even if this small accident here was caused by me – or was it on purpose? I
believe that she has to consider all these factors before she can 「Decide」,
but of course she is extremely kind and tolerant, being able to forgive my
mistakes, of course.
Even if there are books within the stash there that cannot be copied,
reproduced and are the only remaining copies in this world, that’s how it
is ♥”
So she could only damage those books because she owned them as well.
- Speaking of which, regarding the 《Book Equality Law》 from earlier,
Jibril really couldn’t forgive its existence.
After which –
“Aaaaaahhh~! The books! All the books I haven’t finished~~~~!!”
Everyone looked towards the source of this outcry. While the one
standing there was – “…Whoa…”
Even Shiro couldn’t help but cry out in awe, and the person standing there
was – an extraordinarily beautiful young girl.
The halo spinning around on her head, and the wings stretching out from her
waist suggested that she was a Flügel just like Jibril.
However the pattern drawn in the air by her spinning halo was even more
complicated than Jibril’s.
The largest difference between them was that she had a single horn
protruding from her jade-green hair.
Her wings that appeared to be woven from streaks of light flapped in the
air, and her appearance as she did so appeared unbelievably sacred.
But her appearance as she was flying about and struggling to collect all the
books that were flapping about in the air, as well as her expression that
hinted she was about to cry, was completely different from Jibril’s icy cold
demeanour when they had first met – instead she was extremely cute.
- Phew, phew…
She panted intentionally, then landed beside Jibril and spoke: “Ugh~ Jiichan
you’re mean-nyan~”
A saddened expression appeared on her face which immediately
shifted to an angelic smile.
“Is this what I think it is-nyan? Is it those pranks that people play on their
loved ones-nyan? Aww~ Jii-chan I haven’t seen you in so long~~
nyaaaaa!?”
Jibril brilliantly teleported away in order to dodge her flying lunge
towards her.
Upon seeing her crash into a pile of books, Jibril spoke blandly from behind
Sora:
“- Masters, I’ll introduce her to you, she’s the one that approved the
dastardly 《Book Equality Law》, the head of the 「Council of the
Eighteen Wings」 of Avant Heim, the
「Full Representative of the Winged」 that has the right to make the final
decisions regarding the country’s affairs –“
She sighed and continued – “Azrael-senpai.”
- She introduced the motionless girl with half her body buried in books to
Sora.
…
“…How should I put this.” “The Flügel…are
interesting…”
That girl was the full representative of the race that was ranked in sixth
place, brought death with them wherever they went in the past, and used to
be god-killing weapons?
Sora and Shiro mumbled to themselves, having had their expectations
completely crushed.
- At this time, the young girl that was buried in the pile of books earlier,
maybe because she had teleported, she had already hugged Jibril tightly
while rubbing her violently with her cheeks over a span of time so short that
no-one present had noticed.
“Nyan~ Jii-chan is so mean~ I haven’t seen you for so long, but you’re still
as cold as ever~~~~ but! That’s fine too!!”
“Azrael-senpai is as annoying as ever as well.”

Jibril spoke with a smile on her face despite having her cheeks violently
jerked about.
- Although Jibril would usually reply sarcastically, this time she outright
insulted her, which was rare.
“Nyan~ I’ve said I’m not your senpai, call me nee-san, neeeeeesaaaaaannnn~~!!”
Azrael flew about in the air, drawing a figure-eight around Jibril.
“Jibril isn’t a particularly good case but is it really ok for the full
representative of the Flügel to be someone like this?”
“…Nii…you have the right…to say that?”
Shiro looked coldly at Sora, however everyone present ignored that line.
On the other hand, Jibril spoke coldly while being pestered, harassed, and
having her cheeks rubbed:
“Azrael-senpai, I gave a request for today, please allow the Masters to
browse the library –“
“I refuse-nyan~ unless you call me Nee-san, I’ll deny all your requests~ ♪”
Jibril replied in frustration:
“If you explain why you’re rubbing my cheeks, and allow the Masters to
browse the library, I’ll consider it.”
“Because Jii-chan is cute! Explanation over, and I’ve allowed them-nyan!!
Alright, now call me Nee-san ♥ -“
She spoke while lunging towards her, while Jibril teleported away from
her outstretched hand.
“So Masters, I’ve already acquired her permission, please browse this place
freely. This is the personal library of the 「Representative of the Winged」 ,
among which countless books have been acquired through the cursed law by
taking the books of others, so there’s not a single place with more
information than here.”
“Y-you’re mean!! Jii-chan went back on Nee-san’s promise with younyan~!?”
Azrael appeared devastated, and her voice was layered with immense
shock.
Jibril replied with a flawless smile once again.
“I said that I’d consider it, and after some consideration, I’ m not going to ♪”
“Waaaah~ Jii-chan never used to cheat others like this-nyan~
- and whose fault is this-nyan?”
- Glare~~~~
Her tear-filled eyes shot over to Sora.
The power in those eyes appeared as if that gaze alone could kill.
“Nice to meet you, I’m Sora, this is my sister Shiro, please take care of us.”
“…Take care…”
Those two completely ignored her gaze as they were used to it from Jibril.
Upon seeing their reaction, Azrael let out an interested “Oh?”, while Sora
pointed at Azrael.
“What does she mean by Nee-san? Jibril, you’re the sister of the full
representative of the Flügel?”
“Yes-nyan ♥”
“Nope ♪”
Both of them replied without hesitation – and with truly sisters-like smiles –
they replied with completely opposite answers. Jibril sighed and continued:
“The Flügel cannot reproduce, we have no sisters, no brothers and no
parents, there is only the order in which we were created.”
“…Ah, so that’s why you call her Senpai.”
Which means, she was a being created even earlier than Jibril.
“Also, Azrael is the 「Representative of the Winged」, not the
「Representative of the Flügel」.”
“…Is there a difference?”
“She’s merely the 「Senator」 of the 「Council of Eighteen Wings」 with
nine members, herself included.”
At this mention, Sora recalled what she had said earlier.
He remembered that before Jibril belonged to Sora’s posse, she was a
member of the 「Council of Eighteen Wings」.
“Basically she has the first say only when emergencies occur, and another
「Right」 -“
Which meant – Jibril shook her head and smiled bitterly.
“She’s not great nor brilliant, so you don’t need to respect her in any way.”
“…You’re really mean even to your own kind, huh, you really haven’t
changed at all…”
Probably because she was unhappy with her response, Azrael puffed up
her cheeks in rebuttal.
“That’s not how it is-nyan!! All of us were created by Artosh, so our father is
Artosh, and the earliest to be created was me, Nee-san! The last one to be
created, Jii-chan, is my imouto! Isn’t this an unspoken fact-nyan!?” [4]
Upon hearing her words, Jibril’s bitter smile turned into one of mockery, and
she continued:
“- She raised a suggestion like that during one of the meetings, which was
completely rejected by all of the members of the council, that’s how pitiful
her intelligence is.”
“Be~cause~ if I don’t do that, Jii-chan won’t ever call me Nee-san~
nyan~!”
“Everyone knows that, which was why they turned it down, unless you’re
telling me this is the first time you’re hearing of this?”
Jibril’s tone was as cold as ever, while Azrael hugged her once again and
began showing off her little sister with a smile on her face.
“Jii-chan she is~ among the children created in the Great War she is the
「Final Unit」-nyan ♪”
She laughed cheerily, while Jibril on the other hand sighed deeply in
frustration.
“The children created in the later stages, since they were created when
Artosh-sama was at full power, have a power that is completely
indescribable by children like me created during the middle stages of the
war-nyan~!! However~ the strong children were all fighting on the front
lines – so everyone died in the 「Final battle」…”
Azrael’s spirits momentarily dipped, and if the person she was hugging
happened to be an Imanity, that person would definitely burst like a balloon.
She continued while hugging her only surviving sister.
“Jii-chan is the only final-stage unit that survived after the 「Battle」, and
she’s the 「Final Unit」 as well-nyan!
She’s everybody’s imouto, and what a cute imouto she is-nyan! It should be
made a law to call her that, so why doesn’t everyone understand?”
She once again began flying about in figure-eight shapes cheerily.
Jibril squinting her eyes in disgust was a rare sight as well, but
–
“…Jibril…to deal with her…disturbing…precious recordings…”
Shiro spoke while lifting up her smartphone, and began taking a video of the
angels.
On the other hand, Sora was pondering another question. He closely
observed Azrael’s innocent and cheerful smile –
“…This is a pain, at this rate I’ll need to change the plan…” He mumbled to
himself disappointedly.
- Glare.
Hearing his softly spoken words, Azrael kept smiling – but then looked
towards Sora with a powerful gaze.
“- So, are you the one that snatched my beloved Jii-chan away from us-nyan?”
“Huh, to say a virgin snatched a lover from someone, your question is
pretty hard to answer.”
Sora replied indignantly, with his head lifted and chest protruding, at the
same time appearing dignified, tragic and powerful.
Azrael stepped closer. “Oh -….” “…Huh?”
It was impossible to react to that, as it was a step that ignored all boundaries
of distance.
The step itself took multiple instants before Sora and Shiro realized what
was happening, and they cried out in surprise.
- In that instant.
A silent shock emanated from Jibril’s body that caused the library to
quake.
Sora had initially suspected that she had used magic, however after hearing
what the two said after that –
“…Senpai, if you even so much as touch a hair on my Masters’ heads – I’ll just
say you might want to reconsider it.”
“Really now~ Jii-chan you don’t need to be so tense~ there are the 「Ten
Pledges」 anyway-nyan.”
- Sora realized, she had merely unleased a slight bit of 「Malicious
intent」.
Just how much did Jibril restrain her power under normal
circumstances –
As they got an extremely small glimpse of Jibril’s 「True power」, Sora
and Shiro felt cold sweat running down their cheeks.
And Azrael didn’t seem to mind that 「Slight malicious intent」, instead
she turned around to face Sora.
With those jade-green eyes – eyes that were impossibly different from
Jibril’s – she spoke while glancing at Sora:
“I wish to make something clear.” “- Yeah, what is it?”
- Her gaze this time, was completely incomparable to her gaze from earlier.
A sudden crushing sense of malice filled the room, causing the air in the
library to freeze, giving them the impression that the very universe itself was
being affected.
If they were to answer incorrectly – they would die immediately.
This world has the 「Ten Pledges」.
Jibril was awaiting their orders by the sidelines. - Despite this,
they were unable to relax.
Azrael’s gaze gave them that impression, after which she spoke:
“As long as you command it, Jii-chan will call me 「Nee-chan ♥」 rightnyan?”
…
…?
False alarm – no, Sora felt a sinking feeling that gave him the impression that
as long as he were to relax, his very soul would escape him.
The very reason why he was barely standing was because Shiro was
clutching his hand in fear.
However, Azrael ignored him and continued emotionally.
“E-even like she licked the feet of the E-Elves, she could like mine – or
shower with me or something! N-no, I won’t force her to do something like
that!! For example you could allow me to watch or something –“
- How could she have known that? Sora felt suspicious, however he
took out his smartphone from his pocket and replied:
“…If you want videos of Jibril showering, I have videos –“ “I’ll bet the Flügel’s
race piece for that! Give it to me-nyan!!”
- An impossibly loud sound could be heard in that twenty-thousand-foot
high altitude.
“Azrael-san, please calm down, you don’t have the right to do that. To bet the
race piece, you need to consult the decision of the「Council of Eighteen
Wings」 right? I think your request will be unanimously denied once again
♥”
“U-ugh~~…! – Nyan?”
Jibril’s tone of voice didn’t carry any sense of apprehension despite her
adding a small (giggle) at the end of the sentence, however Azrael –
“Wait a second-nyan… noises of gears rumbling are coming from my head!
My brain is currently working at light-speeds, it’s the most active it’s been
in my, Azrael’s twenty-six-thousand years-nyan!”
- Azrael let slip her incredibly long lifespan just like that while appearing as
though considering something.
Finally she raised her head up all of a sudden, seemingly having got an
idea.
“- Right-nyan!! You…your name is Sora right!?” “Ah, yes.”
“I’ll be your possession as well-nyan! My judgement dictates that if that
happens I can shower with Jii-chan!!”
“The worst idea you’ve had in twenty-six-thousand years, great job on
that hard work, Azrael-san.”
Jibril smiled a smile that couldn’t even be described with the adjective cold,
as it carried hints of disappointment as well, and she mocked Azrael.
However – Shiro glanced silently over at her brother.
Azrael had nonchalantly raised her personal freedom as a condition – just as
Jibril had said, she wasn’t the representative of the Flügel, and so even if
they were to acquire her, they wouldn’t acquire the Flügel race.
Although it would be no easy feat to play against the Flügel.
Azrael even hinted that she would 「Intentionally lose」, also it would be a
rather beneficial decision to have her as an asset.
Also her brother’s intention included absorbing the Flügel as well.
On this train of thought, Shiro looked over at her brother as though to
confirm her suspicions –
“…?”
She found that Sora had completely lost interest and had calmed down, after
which she looked over curiously at Azrael.
Her face still had that enchanting smile on it – an overly perfect smile.
“…Ah…” – understanding what her brother’s expression meant, Shiro
nodded slightly.
Sora sighed unexpectedly, turned around and walked away.
“…It’s rare of you to say such things, but this sort of thing should wait until
next time…”
“Eh~~… Jii-chan’s naked body –“
Azrael refused to give up, and Sora grasped Shiro’s hand and spat.
“…I bragged to Steph earlier that I would acquire three races, but now I’ll
have to apologize to her.”
Looking over at Azrael, Sora – glanced at her with a truly disappointed
gaze and said:
“- This one’s useless, Jibril alone is fine.”
Ignoring Azrael’s squinted gaze, Sora and Shiro proceeded to the mountains
of bookshelves.
“So Jibril, we can browse the books here right?” “…Yes, Azraelsenpai
has approved of it.” Sora nodded and surveyed his
surroundings.
Books, books, books… it was a giant city made up of nothing but books.
And within his line of sight, he could see that on the back of countless books,
there was – writing of multiple languages he didn’t know.
“Since my original expectations were crushed, it looks like we’ll have to
tough it out… forget it, let’s try our best, Shiro.”
“…Mm.”
The two agreed and disappeared in the piles of books, while the two Flügel
watched them go in silence.
Part 4
Azrael sat cross-legged on one of the piles of books and put her head in her
hands.
“Mm~ I wanted to use myself as bait to get Jii-chan, could it be that the bait
was too big-nyan?”
She coldly revealed the reason why Sora’s expectations were crushed.
No doubt, Azrael’s thoughts were completely different from her
demeanour, as she didn’t believe nor trust Sora.
To get Jibril back, all she wanted them was to fall into her trap. - As for why
Jibril called them her Masters, she had no interest. “…You really haven’t
changed, Azrael.”
Azrael’s expression twitched slightly upon having her name called directly
like that, and she replied calmly:
“Jii-chan can even talk back to people such as me and Artosh-sama, so it’s
impossible that you would serve under mere Imanity-nyan. As long as it’s by
the pledges, sealing one’s intentions or making one a puppet should be easynyan.
Anyway those two must have won by pure luck, so you’re being forced
to follow them, right-nyan? To be honest –“
She looked directly into Jibril’s eyes. “- Jii-chan has
changed.”
Jibril replied Azrael’s words with a cold smile.
“Yes, I have changed…whereas you can’t.”
“…”
“As for how I was defeated in that challenge, you have nothing to say –
my expectations were all for nothing.”
Jibril smiled faintly in betrayal, and continued coldly:
“…The reason why I defied my late Master (Artosh) and you, is because – I
just can’t take your personalities anymore – too stubborn, so…”
She hesitated slightly, should she say it? Or – Jibril decided to
go with it.
She knew Azrael would take offense more than anyone. Despite this – she
decided that she would tell her, so she did.
“Which is why we lost, and until now – you still won’t change.”
Hearing these words, Azrael’s smile completely vanished. To be honest –
Azrael’s expression was like a cold puppet.
No, it was a completely different existence with Azrael’s appearance –
and it spoke:
“- 「Final Unit」, hast thou discovered the 「Answer」?”
Jibril looked at that existence with a gaze of pure hate, and she spoke to it,
almost spitting her words:
“- Yes, or more correctly, I found it long ago, it’s just that I didn’t have
concrete evidence.”
“…”
“So now I must help the Masters find what they need, so – that’s it.”
Jibril turned away, leaving behind the silent existence. - …
“…What do you think-nyan?” - You had to ask.
“…Yes-nyan, but what if you’re wrong?”
- You don’t have to ask, you know already. “…That’s rightnyan…”
- 「First Unit」, I completely trust in your decision, not just me, but
everyone else.
“I know, nyan…”
I know… she told herself that repeatedly.
Azrael was speaking in reply to – the will of the Phantasma (Avant Heim)
residing within her.
Azrael merely looked at the people who were searching through the
books –
She could only ask again when they made a move.
Part 5
“…No, we won’t make it at this rate.”
Standing before a gigantic pile of books, Sora realized that their efforts
were futile after a mere half-hour.
“Shiro, how many languages of this world have you learnt?” “…Only…the
Imanity, Werebeast and Elven languages…”
Shiro mumbled nonchalantly, and Sora caressed her head lovingly.
For Sora who could barely learn the Imanity language, that stunning
learning pace just simply couldn’t be described with 「Only」.
But, despite that –
“Jibril, which languages are these?”
“It’s the Dwarven and Demon languages, I can vaguely understand
them…”
…Right, the only one that could understand all the books there would be
Jibril.
Even though Shiro could learn foreign languages at incomprehensible
speeds, the books here alone were in the millions, so relying on this few
people to search for information here would be impossible, which was
obvious from the very start.
“…Jibril.”
“Yes.”
“There’s no time, if we take too long, Ino’s life will be in danger. Even if we
have a lifeline, if the Seirens think we’re genuinely running away, we’ll be in
big trouble – can’t you get some help?”
They had no time to sit here and slowly gather information, as they needed
to challenge the Empress once more as soon as possible.
Because of that – Sora had originally intended to rely on Azrael to
gather help –
However his hopes were crushed as soon as he realized Azrael didn’t have
any intention of the sort.
The expression Sora saw on Azrael’s face, wasn’t that of a knowledgeable
Flügel – nor was it something like Jibril’s who was a collective of both
curiosity and intelligence, nor was she a trigger-happy person.
It – was only –
“…I can get help, but I fear it may not be what you’re expecting.”
Yes, that would be Azrael’s intentions, but –
“There’s no other way, so let’s do what she wants since we don’t have the
time to just sit here – Shiro.”
“…Mm.”
- Sora made a once-in-a-blue-moon fidgety gesture – he nibbled on his
fingernails, and Shiro replied as well.
“- Since your original expectations were crushed, we can only adapt to the
situation at hand, so we’ll need you to cooperate.”
“…OK…”
Part 6
“Hey, Azra…el?”
Sora decided to call upon Azrael, but froze momentarily instead.
- Probably because she had turned the scenery in the Eastern Union or the
things within her knowledge into reality.
She was just like the Japanese hikikomoris Sora knew – which included Sora
and Shiro themselves – exactly like that, she was buried in a kotatsu-like
thing, with her head covered within a blanket, staring at a projector
(television) that had only static on it –
“…What is it-nyan…? What is it so important that you have to bother
someone useless like me-nyan?”
What a waste of energy – Azrael made the surroundings on her appear dark
and gloomy in an attempt to accentuate her sadness.
Faced with her overly exaggerated acting skills, Sora instead felt
admiration, after which he spoke with a deadpan expression:
“- Ah~ um, you know about the hibernating Empress of the Seirens right?”
“Nyaaaaa…that idiot that was influenced by fairy tales and pushed two races
including herself to the brink of extinction in
the span of a single generation, leaving even the shellfish speechless?
Everyone knows-nyan~…”
Azrael replied under her blanket.
- While looking at her halo that was spinning about above her blanket, Sora
continued while experiencing indescribable feelings:
“Y-yes, that’s her, we’re looking for the records of the conditions she
set before starting her game.”
“…If that’s you want, Jii-chan knows as well-nyan! It’s 「She will continue
hibernating as long as she hasn’t fallen in love」-nyan.”
“Yes, but – that’s fake.”
Hearing her words, Azrael’s eyes lit up with a sharp glint as though
forgetting her previous depressed act.
“Oh! Is that why everyone lost-nyan? So what’s the actual conditionsnyan?”
- That fellow was a Flügel after all.
“That’s what I want to know, so I’m looking for all available records of
people that have carried out games with her, and the exact words the
players were told for comparison.”
“Oh~….”
Azrael stared into space for a moment, after which she replied coldly:
“About that, if you’re looking for records, they’re placed in a certain
somewhere, look for it yourself, and I’ll inform you again if you have a
definitive goal.”
But – no doubt, she was different from Jibril.
“Yes, but there’s too many books, we don’t have time, so where are all the
related records –“
“I don’t know at all-nyan! Ahahahahaha~”
…
“Because of the 《Equality Law》-nyan~ After lending those books out
countless times, even I don’t know where they are-nyan~♪”
“Do you understand now? Master, this is exactly why I left my hometown.”
Probably because she had forgotten she was supposed to be acting
depressed, Azrael laughed cheerily while Jibril was completely solemn.
“…Since you all live to collect books, you should at least keep them
properly…”
“Hmm? That’s wrong-nyan, our aim is to collect 「Knowledge」, 「Books」
are actually nothing to us-nyan. I even think that as long as we can memorise
the contents of the books, throwing them away is fine as well; but since the
people
who haven’t read them would be angry, we didn’t do that-nyan~”
“Do you understand now? Master, this is exactly it! The reason why I
left my hometown.”
Jibril smiled a smile that indicated she would strike at any moment as
she explained to Sora once again.
- Sora now understood, all she was focused on was
「Knowledge」-
「As for what that meant」…Sora couldn’t restrain his laughter, however
he didn’t bother explaining it, and instead asked Azrael:
“So, what should I do?”
“Hmm~ just let the people that are in charge of the books’ locations to search
for them! There are some others that are just as close-minded as Jii-chan, so
as long as they’re willing to, you should be able to get all of them-nyan~”
“Mm, so I’ll leave it to –“ “I’m not in the moodnyan~”
Seemingly wishing to appear sad once again, Azrael spoke while burying
herself under the blanket once more:
“I can allow my cute imouto’s toys to wander about everywhere, but I have
no obligation to take care of you all. I have no value in being your
companion, and even Jii-chan
called me an idiot, so I’m very depressed now-nyan~ I’m very hurt-nyan~
So I don’t want to do anything-nyan~”
Sora slowly passed her his phone.
“Even if I show you videos of Jibril in the shower?” “----------No.”
“If you agree now, I’ll throw in the offer of her calling you 「Nee-san」
then?”
“---------------------------N…no deal.”
Azrael replied while sweating furiously, as though she was engaging in
mortal combat with something.
She squeezed out her words while breathing heavily, seemingly undergoing
some brutal training.
“I-I’m very~~ hurt now-nyan – something like that… ah, no, I’m not
dismissing Jii-chan as something beneath me-nyan! It’s just that I’m too hurt,
so I need something more than that – um, you should know…what I mean
right?”
Cheh – Sora grumbled silently.
He saw that amongst Azrael’s deception and lies – only her devotion to
Jibril was real, which was the reason why he played his trump card but to
no avail.
At this rate, his actions would be limited.
Facing an opponent such as the Flügel? Having the opponent have the
upper hand in a game still yet unknown to them? – What a joke.
“- To be honest, I don’t care what happens to you, so if those stupid fish,
mangy mutts and bald monkeys want to go extinct just let them, at the most
we’ll just get a few more books describing their downfall-nyan. For me, it’s
advantageous-nyan.”
Her gaze fell upon Sora.
“To someone immortal like me…people like you who die in the blink of an
eye don’t even deserve the value of a 「Fairy tale」. You want me to help?
Why do I have to-nyan?”
- But he couldn’t let her have the upper hand, as if she did it would be all
over.
If Azrael insisted on playing mind games – bring it on.
“So that’s how you really are, which is why I said you’re useless, can’t you
even detect my mockery? 「Dead man」.”
Sora replied with determination but at the same time in pride – and hearing
his words, Azrael’s expression changed.
“A tool used by no one, a puppet with no value, I’ll assume that’s a pretty
enjoyable life you’re living there.”
“-…”
“It’s fine, since when we’ve taken over the world, people like you would
definitely say something like 「Please allow me to join」 right? Because you
all only know how to follow along with where the wind blows. Jibril, we’ll
think of a way ourselves, so let’s go find your friends one by one –“
Sora stood up and turned to leave.
“…You dare to pick an argument with me, don’t tell me you’re running
away now?”
- She took the bait, Sora smiled to himself.
“Argument? Hah! Only equals can argue with each other.”
“Oh… I didn’t think that you’d be so self-conscious about it, you’re worthy of
some commendation after all.”
“- The one that’s on the lower rank is you of course, did you get up on the
wrong side of the bed today? Airhead.”
“….Very good-nyan, who’s afraid of who-nyan.” After which she
raised her hand and announced.
“「Kill and plunder for the things that you desire, for that is tantamount to
the decree of heaven」-nyan!”
…
-…Hearing her extremely crass words, Sora and Shiro half-closed their
eyes.
“…What kind of words are those…?”
“Ah, Masters, that’s a Flügel idiom so it’s fine if you don’t know it.”
“No, that’s not what I meant.”
“Not an argument – but we’ll play a game-nyan, it’s just that –“
Ignoring Sora and Jibril’s conversation, Azrael snapped her fingers.
“「All of us」 will play a game together with Jii-chan’s friends that you’re
looking for, then you can ask for their help.”
- In an instant.
Everyone present was teleported with a force that even Jibril couldn’t
resist.
And what they saw after the scenery had changed was –
- A long banner with the words ‘Kuuhaku「」 Autograph and Handshake
Fan Meeting’ written on it.
Countless Flügel were setting up the place – “…We were
tricked -!!”
As almost a hundred gazes fell upon them simultaneously, Sora understood
instantly.
- She merely pretended to be provoked – which means, he lost in the mind
games department.
But, as compared to this, the gazes that were upon him nearly made Sora
and Shiro black out.
However – the questions that were festering in his mind caused him to stay
conscious.
It was a card that none of them had expected.
Although since Sora had already shut his ears and was prepared to faint, he
didn’t hear any of it.
It was probably the sound of a girl yelling for help, and the sound
covered the entire area like an explosion.
Under the countless approaching gazes, Sora asked in a trembling
voice:
“Hey, Jibril, what…is this? What is this-aaaaahhhhh!”
Sora yelled while frantically hugging Shiro whose eyes were already
rolling up into the whites, while Jibril clapped her hands once and replied:
“Ah, I forgot, in order for them to deal with the Eastern Union, I took the
Masters’ 「Bible (Observation Diary)」and passed it to them, in order for
faster transmission of information –“
Jibril giggled and continued:
“I even gave them complimentary autograph vouchers, handshake
vouchers, date vouchers and sleepover vouchers, don’t forget all the
various and dream-like special items –“
“Don’t use that sort of dirty methods!! Like that even if repeated buyers
increase, the buyer penetration rate wouldn’t increase, right!?”
“…I see, I wanted to say that we would sell a large amount of copies but
there seems to be an eerily small amount of people here, so that’s the reason.
Next time I’ll think of an even more profitable method – or rather, a more
effective way of passing information.
Jibril’s face was full of determination, and she began furiously writing down
stuff on a notebook, however Sora continued:
“Wait a minute Jibril! You have to report to me when you’re doing things
like this!!”
- No wonder Azrael knew a suspiciously large amount of information
regarding them.
But since the reason for that was due to their own comrade, how were
they supposed to win at their mind games?
To make it clear, the hundred Flügel present there were all Sora and Shiro’s
「Fans」.
Looking over at them once more, Sora almost fainted again, however Jibril
smiled –
“No problem, Masters, you’ve won this time.”
“Huh? What?”
- Jibril spoke while looking sharply over at Azrael.
“~~~~~~~~~~~~~~”
“~~~~~~~~~~~”
“~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~”
“~~~~~~~~”
- That was probably the Flügel language.
The two of them were conversing in a language that Sora and Shiro couldn’t
understand.
But for some reason –
The hall that was filled with a woman’s screams of help since earlier…
The atmosphere suddenly changed, and what replaced it was a suffocating
silence.
“- Um~ Jibril-san? I have a bad feeling about this, what are you guys talking
about?”
“Ah, sorry Master, we’re done talking so I’ll tell you now.” Jibril turned
around.
“Just as Azrael-senpai said, we’ll recruit these people’s help to find our
information.”
Jibril spoke with a smile on her face to the trembling Sora and Shiro.
“Essentially speaking, we just have to defeat all of them in a game ♪”
“Jibril, do you know how much effort we put into just defeating you alone
– who can beat such a large amount of Flügel?”
“…Shiver.”
The two were demophobic and anthropophobic in the first place…
Not to mention that they had to face off almost a hundred Flügel in
Materialization Shiritori, so they would definitely not be able to survive.
Just imagining it – made Sora and Shiro’s faces pale in fear.
“No, that means 「Defeating all of them at once」, luckily the opponent’s
demands aren’t that huge.”
“Yep, you just need to play against everyone here-nyan.”
“If you win, everyone will help you collect the books that you’re looking
for. If you lose, I’ll let the Masters choose whether you want the autograph
or handshake events. These are the conditions we set down earlier.”
Damn –
The hall was filled with women’s voices crying for help once more, and
Sora and Shiro were at the verge of fainting.
“Jibril…do you want us to die…?”
“…Jibril…we…trusted you…”
The siblings were trembling non-stop like newborn deer. “Please relax
– the Masters won’t lose, and –“
Jibril looked over at Azrael. Azrael clapped her
hands once.
“We can’t possibly play Shiritori with this many people, so let’s play - 「Red
light, Green light」.”
“- Jibril, let me ask you again – do you want us to die?” “…Tremble.”
Playing red light, green light against the Flügel?
They could fly and teleport freely, so if there was a place beyond their
grasps…
That was basically hinting at 「The afterworld」. While Azrael
cut off his train of thought.
“But the normal version of red light, green light is too boring-nyan, so –“
“In conjunction with the nature of the Flügel – we’ll use a 「Word Game」
to play it.”
Jibril raised up her palm as she said this. On her raised
palm, just like a vortex –
Forty-six characters woven from light appeared on it.
Sora knew those characters – those were the forty-six – katakana.
Jibril threw those characters over to Azrael.
“Hmm~? Are these the letters of your world? Are there consonants?”
Azrael closely pondered the characters, then began moving her hand about
in a complex fashion.
- Although Sora couldn’t detect magic, the ground began to shake about
as if something was hoisting it up from underneath, so they guessed that
there was a gigantic spell being activated.
“Alright, I’m done-nyan, so let’s get started-nyan?”
As she said this, the katakana – the forty-six characters from ア
(a) to ン (n), on Azrael’s hand – converted to light…
And they dissolved simultaneously, automatically distributing themselves
individually amongst the hundred Flügel females.
After ensuring that all the characters were assigned, Azrael then said:
“The rules are simple, I have just transported the characters to a certain
location on each of the women present.”
- Forty-six characters, and with the participants almost entering the
hundreds, there was no way to tell who had which characters.
“The game is Red light, Green light, so for your convenience I’ve specially
banned teleportation from being used within the game.”
- After that…
“If you both get caught by these children you lose, and if you manage to
evade them for an hour it will be considered a victory.”
“As long as you touch the shifting characters – that is if you manage to do it
while not getting caught, the characters will be transferred to the Masters.”
Jibril spoke with a smile on her face as if to continue Azrael’s explanation.
As she finished, she threw two characters over to Azrael. “When characters
combine they become 「Word Spirits」.”
Azrael raised her hand as an example, and the two letters - 「コ (ko) 」
and「タ (ta) 」, began spinning around on her wrist, and she said:
“After you touch the 「Word Spirits」, their meanings will become reality –
no matter whether it’s a concept or an object, you can even shift their states
at will.”
“”Oh.””
In the instant that she said that, Sora and Shiro – saw the future.
Azrael combined the two characters in her hand – and then –
“- Nyaaaaaahhhhhh what is this, it’s disgusting aaaahhhhhh!!
Nyaaaaahhhhh!!”
A gigantic - 「OctopusTa•ko」[5]materialized and its tentacles
wrapped around –
The future Sora and Shiro saw became reality, meanwhile Azrael rolled
around on the floor while yelling.
“Ah, Senpai you really are something, what with combining characters of a
language you don’t know to entertain us.”
Jibril laughed coldly beside her, while Azrael probably genuinely felt
disgusted.
In an instant – with a huge boom, the space about them exploded and the
squid disappeared along with the characters.
“J-just like that, nyan?”
Sora and Shiro looked at her speechlessly with their eyes half open, while
Azrael pretended as if nothing had happened.
“You can turn the meanings of the words into reality-nyan, no matter
whether it’s a thing, a phenomenon or a concept, it will appear just the samenyan.”
“Also, since Senpai didn’t know what the words I passed her meant, what
materialized was my impression of the words that I passed to her. In the
actual game, the ones that can use the 「Word Spirits」 are the Masters
alone ♪”
“…”
She replied cheerily and nonchalantly, confessing that she had played a
prank on Azrael.
However Azrael didn’t seem to mind either, and she coughed and
continued:
“But – once the words are used once they will disappear, so I suggest that
you use them carefully-nyan!”
-…
“The explanation’s over, do the Masters have any questions?”
“A lot – such as how we run away, if you don’t know this by now I’ll tell you.
Humans can’t fly.”
“Tremble.”
“…I apologize, Masters, I was originally going to help out – but I cannot
participate in this time’s game.”
Her two Masters appeared surprised, while Azrael laughed and said to them:
“If you wish to borrow Jii-chan’s strength it won’t be considered as a
competition-nyan, since no one will be able to catch you. It was already very
generous on our part to allow you to use the 「Word Spirits」, so –“
Azrael giggled and…
“The Dhampir hiding over there, please lend them your wings.”
…She looked over to the side. - Just like that.
Plum was dragged out into plain sight as her invisibility spell was crushed
like glass.
“…Eh? E-eh~~~~~~!? W-why was I noticed!?”
“…You really are something – your presence was erased to a notable degree.”
- Even Sora and Shiro had forgotten her existence, and Jibril spoke
respectfully.
Azrael stood beside Jibril and asked Plum:
“Hey, even if you’re a useless species that can’t even be compared to a
mosquito, if you put your back into it, there shouldn’t be a problem in
creating a spell that gives the user wings right-nyan?”
- Azrael asked her question in a disrespectful tone even more prideful than
a god’s.
On the other hand, Plum replied boldly despite trembling in fear of death.
“E-eh~~ i-if you want me to let them fly at a speed of a Flügel that
would be impossible… The force of the shock would disintegrate not
just them, but me as well, also my power is running out –“
Azrael continued to smile.
“If you’re tired you can just extract body fluids from those two-nyan!”
“I will dedicate myself to create wings for you two!”
Plum’s attitude changed faster than the speed of sound, and she bowed
respectfully at the both of them, however –
“No, wait a minute, why do we have to agree to this –“ …As Sora was about
to say that, he stopped at Jibril’s gaze. - Please don’t be disappointed, and
please believe –
He saw the girl that had told him that sincerely with an expectant yet
disappointed gaze.
And, as he shifted his gaze, he saw the empty girl who was like an
uninhabited shell, who was smiling but looked like a dead person.
“Kill and plunder for the things that you desire, for that is tantamount to
the decree of heaven – that’s the kind of 「Game」 it is-nyan?”
“…”
The uneasy gaze with a soul residing within it, and an empty puppet-like
smile.
What Sora saw there was – a scene exactly the same as earlier
– but…
- Game, this word made Sora and Shiro’s eyes light up, and their brains
cooled down at extreme speeds.
Rules, victory conditions, and Azrael’s intentions, all those things swirled
about and combined themselves at furious speeds within their heads.
“…Nii.”
Shiro who was doing the exact same thing appeared noticeably uneasy,
however Sora nodded his head at her, and told her – I know.
It was a noticeably different 「Game」 than they had taken part in
previously.
The game would have to end before it began.
Kuuhaku「」 followed this golden rule, however this game was –
It was a game challenged by the opposition, a game that they had not taken
into account for, which meant that it was a game where the opponent had
the upper hand.
It was also a game with undisclosed conditions that were hidden in the
Flügel language.
It was also a game with rules intentionally prepared to be
disadvantageous towards them.
This game was too dangerous, too suspicious, they didn’t have enough
information, so they shouldn’t be agreeing to it at all.
“…Masters…please, please believe me.”
Within her wavering gaze there lay a preparation to even receive
punishment.
But – it was also a gaze that completely believed that Sora and Shiro would
win, and it was with that in mind that Jibril had prepared the game.
“- Let me confirm the conditions.”
Sora glanced over at Jibril, and asked with his mind completely calm.
And Shiro who was looking up at him uneasily since earlier, upon seeing
Sora so decisive, decided to follow along with his decision.
The uneasiness in her eyes vanished, and she merely concentrated
in order to sharpen her thinking.
Just like that, Sora and Shiro ignored Jibril who closed her eyes in a gesture of
gratitude beside them.
The two began deducing all the things they needed to take into
consideration – their brains spun about violently, pondering this game
which they had not anticipated earlier, even anticipating things that they
wouldn’t be able to anticipate beforehand.
“- First, Shiro and I will have to hold hands throughout the entire game,
and this is a definitive condition.”
“…Let Plum make…wings.”
“Yes, Shiro and I will each have one side of a pair of wings that will move
according to our thoughts, this is a definitive condition.”
“…Plum…you can do it…you have to do it.”
Shiro’s sentence turned from a question to an order, and Plum replied with
her head drooped low in sadness.
“Eh, that…? T -that will be an extremely complex spell, if possible I don’t
–“
“I don’t care what the shape is like, but over the course of that period I will
permit you to lick off my sweat.”
“Leave it to me!! I will show you the true power of the Dhampirs –
hah!!”
She replied with a completely unnecessary burst of energy.
In an instant Plum’s wings turned blood-red, and complex patterns
appeared within her eyes.
Plum began conjuring a particularly complicated spell, and changed her
appearance into –
…A scarf.
The scarf billowed in the wind gently, and landed on Sora and Shiro’s necks.
Sora and Shiro were connected to each other like two people under a single
long scarf.
“P-phew…I-I disguised my existence on the physical plane…!! A-at this
rate…t-the two ends of the scarf…should have the capabilities of a pair of
wings -!!”
Just as the first time she had met Sora, she did the same thing to their
luggage as well, and Plum transformed herself into a flying scarf.
In that atmosphere where even the Flügel expressed their admiration,
Sora could almost see Plum puffing out her flat chest in pride.
- Although she was panting heavily.
The scarf connecting Sora and Shiro’s necks spread out at its two sides…
It drew a pattern in the air of blood trickling, and wove itself into wings.
Sora nodded…
And asked the remaining question:
“- After which… transform Avant Heim into a place where Shiro, Plum and I
can move about freely without restriction. Also, even though we have wings,
we don’t know how to use them, so I request that after we leave – the game
will only start five minutes after…do you have any problems with that?
Shiro.”
“…Mm, no problem.”
- At this time all of them took a deep breath, and it wasn’t because the two of
them had experienced such a drastic change in character…
Instead it was because he had only requested five minutes of extra time.
“There’s no problem right?”
Jibril turned around and asked Azrael and the Flügel crowds behind her.
Using a never before used power, with a measly forty-four characters as
weapons, the Imanity would have to avoid the onslaught of a hundred
Flügel.
If they could do it – all of them swallowed their saliva at once.
“…Mm, there’s no problem-nyan, although I feel it’s a bit too lenient-nyan…”
Azrael spoke, appearing to be the only one that hadn’t grasped the situation.
Her fingertips shifted gently – after which a giant explosion occurred.
“- I’ve already turned Avant-kun (Avant Heim) into a place befitting of your
conditions – so now we can begin right?”
Azrael dismissed rewriting the appearance of another world entirely as
though it were as easy as drawing a sketch.
She snapped her fingers once more, and the walls began shifting
silently – and a gigantic hole appeared.
…From the hole in the wall, the entire city of Avant Heim could be seen.
Maybe because Azrael had shifted the position of the sun, or simply
because some time had passed, it was night-time outside.
There was no sunlight, which made it an optimal environment for Plum.
They stuck their heads out of the gap to examine the conditions outside –
Sora and Shiro grasped each other’s hands tightly.
The scarf on their necks that was being blown about in the wind – they could
sense that Plum was resisting the urge to say something.
They couldn’t see anything done below.
However they felt a sensation as if their bodies were going to be swept away
in the wind, which meant that it was at extremely high altitudes.
“So – now let’s begin the game with the two Master against all the Flügel
present.”
Behind Sora and Shiro, Jibril announced respectfully.
And behind her there were the gazes of almost a hundred Flügel.
Despite this – once they were to enter the game, those gazes wouldn’t be
able to affect Sora and Shiro’s thoughts any longer.
“This is the map of this version of Avant Heim.”
Shiro took one look at the map that was flapping about in the wind and
nodded.
While Jibril took a step back and bowed deeply. “…Masters,
thank you.”
“To be honest I’m not confident at all, but… we believe in you, so you better
not let us down!”
“…It’s natural…to care about family.”
Jibril and Sora and Shiro were engaged in a conversation only the three of
them could understand –
“”-「Aschente」-!!””
As Jibril and everyone else raised their hands and yelled this single word:
Sora and Shiro leaped out of the hole in the wall.
In an instant, gravity took hold of the both of them, which was a force no
human body could resist.
Along with the strong winds outside, the two slowly – descended at
an increasing speed.
They couldn’t see what was beneath them, but whatever it was there could
only be one outcome – death.
When faced with this they were impossibly not uneasy nor scared –
why? Sora couldn’t help but smile bitterly.
“…Nii…”
Hearing his sister calling out for him, Sora looked to the side, only to see
that the other side of the scarf – had a single wing growing out of it.
Sora confirmed that there was another similar wing on his back through
Shiro’s gaze.
“…Let’s go…”
- Yes – Sora smiled, they couldn’t possibly feel uneasiness nor fear.
They grasped each other’s hands, and flapped their wings together as
one.
With a force even more powerful than an eagle’s – they broke the shackles of
gravity.
Chapter 2: Fail
Part 1
At the same time – within the capital of Elkia, inside the late king’s library.
“…Kou…Steph-kou, I’m hungry, des.”
Steph slowly regained consciousness as she was being violently shook
by someone.
She who was originally slumped onto a table and drooling suddenly stood
up and frantically surveyed her surroundings.
“- Eh!? Huh? Strange, when did I fall asleep!?”
“You fell face-first onto the table immediately after you finished eating,
des. I thought you were dead, des.”
- So she apparently had eaten her meal and filled her stomach then –
「Fainted」.
“W-what time is it now…?”
Steph folded up the coat – that was apparently placed there by Izuna – on her
back, and asked sleepily.
After which she heard a cute rumbling sound.
Izuna placed a hand on her stomach, then looked up at Steph and said
sincerely:
“About six hours after you ate, des.” “…What a cute
clock.”
The last time they ate was about two-o-clock at night – which meant it was
morning now?
There were no windows in the library so the sun couldn’t get in, but by
then the streets were probably beginning to fill up with activity.
“Steph-kou, Steph-kou, let’s eat, des.”
Izuna dragged one of Steph’s sleeves and requested for food, while Steph
replied:
“Ah…you’re right…so I’ll make breakfast then…huh?”
Suddenly Steph spotted a huge pile of books next to where Izuna was
sitting.
“Izuna, what is that?”
“…? Aren’t they books, des.”
“No, that’s not what I meant – why are they there?” “…Obviously
because I read them, des.”
“- Huh? I thought Izuna can’t read the Imanity language…!?” “I said that I
would learn it, des. So I learnt it, des.”
It can’t be – Steph’s eyes widened.
Steph had passed her a book containing games comparing the Werebeast
and Imanity languages – a textbook for the Werebeast language.
Relying on that book alone, she learnt the Imanity language while she
herself was sleeping, and even read such a large amount of books -?
- She was terrible at anything other than games, so conversely, as long as it’s
a game –
Upon realizing that she not only had learnt the language in such a short span
of time, but also that she had read even more books than she did, Steph’s
hairs couldn’t help but stiffen in shock.
“…No wonder she’s always so close to Sora and Shiro.”
Sora and Shiro had made her forget this fact, and now Steph recalled it.
Hatsuse Izuna, this child, this Werebeast girl that was even younger than
Shiro.
- She competed against Kuuhaku「」, and even lost only by a tiny bit, so her
skills were definitely the real thing.
However…
“…Izuna, when was the last time you slept?” “…Huh? …I-I ate five
meals, so… hmm~… des?”
Izuna started counting with her fingers, then suddenly appeared confused.
Black heavy eyebags were gathering underneath her eyes, which meant
that she hadn’t slept for quite a period of time.
- Upon closer thought, that was reasonable.
Even if it was the「Real thing」, it couldn’t just come naturally.
Izuna had struggled without sleeping to – learn the Imanity language, and
she had read this many books as well.
“…Sorry, Izuna, I’m the only one who slept.”
“Steph-kou, it’s fine, des. A piece of trash is a piece of trash after all, if it
wants to sleep it sleeps, des.”
Steph smiled at Izuna’s overexerting manner.
She had found a sliver of hope amongst this never-ending assignment and
Steph patted her own cheeks to wake herself up.
Anyway, she had to prepare a meal, and then – just as she was exiting the
library –
“…? Izuna, in what order are you reading these books?”
She realized the books on the floor were probably selected for some reason
or other.
“I selected the ones that have a nice smell, des.”
- Izuna said this incomprehensible statement with a matter-of-fact
expression on her face.
Suddenly, Steph became interested in the titles of the books on the floor, so
she held one up for a look.
Because they were – books related to where Sora and Shiro currently
were.
“-「The Flügel, the weapons of a dead Master」… why are you reading this?”
Steph recited the words written in the writing of her grandfather –
the late king.
Izuna sniffed it and replied:
“There’s the smell of Sora and Shiro on it, des. They read it about a month
ago, des.”
“Those two read this…?”
- On the beach after their return from Oceande.
Sora announced that he would proceed to Avant Heim and acquire three
races.
As for the methods he would use – as usual – Steph never heard him
mention them. She flipped open the book.
A month ago – which means, they read it before they attacked the Eastern
Federation –
Steph read the contents of the book that were, as for all the other in the
books in this room, written by her grandfather.
「The Flügel – in the ancient great war, they were a god-killing species
created by the 【God of War Artosh】 -」
「The Flügel – they don’t gather knowledge due to their own interests.」
Those were records gathered by her grandfather – the late king from his
observations of the Flügel.
Which means, they were observations of Jibril, at least they should be…
but…
「Those are actions for them to survive – no, for them to not die.」
In Steph’s mind’s eye, that hard to understand person appeared.
「Living weapons of a deceased Master… They are just empty walking slabs
of meat.」
She recalled that person with the smile that seemed to hide her emotions,
the person that would do anything for her curiosity and her Masters, the
person that could be gung-ho at times.
「The reason why they’re living, no, what is the evidence to deduce as to
why they’re still alive?」
- Why?
The Jibril in her grandfather’s observations was completely different
from the Jibril she knew.
This apprehension caused Steph to stop unconsciously merely after reading
a few pages, and she slipped into deep thought.
…Sora and Shiro had proceeded to Avant Heim after reading this book.
What were those two thinking –
“Steph-kou, now’s probably not the time to be reading that, des.”
“Huh? Ah, right, yes.”
What was important wasn’t the Flügel, but information regarding the
Seirenes – Steph rallied herself.
At this time, the grumbling noise started again. “We should eat
now, des.”
Izuna spoke with a fire burning in her eyes.
Steph smiled bitterly, and as she placed the book back on the shelf –
possibly due to overwork, she felt dizzy.
“Ah…”
The books began to fall off from the shelf she had placed them on.
The books they had read and the ones they haven’t would be mixed together
– as she was about to collapse and begin crying
–
- A gust of wind blew past her.
That was the limit of what she could detect, as it was a speed that Steph
couldn’t react to.
Izuna sped from the door in an instant to the corner of the room, and in
her mouth – was a single book.
“…? What is this, des?”
“…I-Isn’t that my question? What’s up with you.”
Ignoring Steph who was widening her eyes in surprise, Izuna curiously
sniffed the book in her mouth.
“This is the smell of fish, des…? No, des…ah!” She uninterestedly
threw away the book and said:
“This book smells of Seiren, des. I can’t eat this, des.”
- In an instant, a lamp turned on within Steph’s muddled brain.
Regarding the order of the books she read earlier, Izuna said she read
them according to how nice they smelled.
Why did she select the books Sora and Shiro had read – no, the real question
was –
“W-why does my Grandpa’s books smell of Seiren?”
“Who knows, des. Maybe a Seiren touched it, or maybe someone who
touched a Seiren touched this book as well, des.”
Izuna spoke with her head tilted slightly. “Is it Sora or
Shiro… or us!?”
“…? No, des. All the books here smell like an old man, des.” It wasn’t Steph’s
smell, nor was it Sora and Shiro’s smell.
Speaking of which, since Sora and the others went to Oceande, they
shouldn’t have been here – so -!?
“D-do you know when this person touched the books?”
Steph asked while leaning forward, while Izuna began counting on her
fingers once more with difficulty and replied:
“Not enough fingers, des.”
- However that was enough to conclude that that smell was from more
than ten years ago.
“…W-wait a moment, how can you tell?”
“Doesn’t Steph-kou know, des? There’s a smell left behind, des.”
Who would know that sort of weird thing, although she yelled this to
herself, but – the riddle was solved.
The reason why Sora wanted Izuna to help, and the reason why she chose
the books Sora and Shiro had read, and – all this proved that ten years ago
her grandfather came into contact with the Seirenes!
Now all that was left was –!
“Can you find the books written after that?” Izuna sniffed about
then tilted her head and said:
“…The smell is weak, des. But if I try extra hard… I can probably do it,
des.”
- The world was filled with light.
If so, their search range would be narrowed significantly!
“Really now~ if you had that sort of convenient ability you should have used
it earlier-aaaah but thank you-aaaaaahhhh finally found the exit from hell –“
Steph hugged Izuna in a sudden burst of emotion and began petting her
non-stop, however Izuna jumped back all of a sudden.
“- Uuuuuugghhhhhhhh!!”
Her hair stood up as if she was going to bite at any time, and she hissed at
Steph.
“Eh? U-um…s-sorry, did I do something wrong?” “…Steph-kou, your
petting skills are horrible, des!”
Steph surveyed her surroundings in panic as she noticed that Izuna was still
on full alert.
What she saw was –
“Ah, r-right, t-this is for you, can you please forgive me?” “- What is that,
des?”
“I-it’s a biscuit I made for myself, h-here.”
Steph ate one to prove to her that they were safe to eat – and then she
nervously passed some to her.
Izuna sniffed the biscuits she passed her.
“…Not bad, des. But I want to eat rice, des. And fish, des.”
- She took a biscuit in her mouth, and her mood instantly turned better.
Izuna shook her bushy tail like a hamster and began gnawing on the biscuit.
“Ah, s-so I’ll go make food! Grilled fish, steamed fish, sashimi… which
would you –“
“All, des.” “Huh?” “All, des.”
Izuna began drooling with a longing expression on her face, and Steph –
“~Fine then! I have a reliable companion now anyway, so I’ll do my best to
prepare all the fish dishes I know how to!! In the meantime, could you please
search for all the books my grandfather wrote around that period!?”
“OK, des!”
Izuna stood up after answering energetically.
Finally, she saw the exit! As Steph was about to exit the library, behind
her –

She heard an explosion. “What?”
- The reason why Steph knew it was the sound of Izuna breaking the
sound barrier was because –
It was because her heart uttered a low roar, and began beating so fast that it
seemed it would burst from her body. She held almost ten books in her
hands, and her shoulders rose and fell along with her breathing – Izuna who
was dyed completely blood-red from using「Blood Devastation」, reported
her status.
“- Hah, hah – I found all of them, des -! Is the fish not prepared yet?
Des!”
…If she tried really hard…she could probably do it. Izuna did try really
hard as she had announced earlier.
- She had tried hard enough to challenge the laws of physics, and she had
used her physical abilities to overcome those very laws…
She saw Izuna with her blood vessels bulging, with her mouth drooling and
her eyes having the gaze of a predator looking at its prey –
“…C-could you please help me go out and get groceries?” Steph
chose「Delaying tactics」…
Part 2
- On top of Avant Heim that was engulfed in the night sky.
Only the faint glows emitted from the cubes and the moonlight itself lit up
the scenery of countless cubes scattered about.
Sora and others flew about shakily and clumsily in that scenery itself – no,
they floated.
“U-um…can we really win…?”
“Please don’t talk to me right now, you’ll mess up my concentration!”
“…Nii…like this…a bit more…”
They looked as if they would fall and crash at a single mistake, appearing
extremely dangerous.
Plum who was connecting the two as their wings mumbled to herself upon
seeing their antics:
“T-the opponent are the Flügel! Even if you borrow my power, um,
both of you have never flew before…it’s impossible to contest against
the Flügel in speed…”
Sora’s tone remained relaxed even despite struggling to control his wings.
“Relax, it’s definitely an advantage to be able to run away fast in a game of
red light, green light – but it won’t guarantee you victory.”
“That’s true…but even if so…”
Plum in scarf form sighed upon looking at them.
- The Flügel, even disregarding their ability to teleport, their existence
itself was already defying all laws of physics.
Although Plum had never seen any of them flying at full speed, she could
easily imagine it from their physical ability.
If they used their full strength – don’t even mention the speed of sound,
they might even be able to travel faster than that.
Even though red light, green light wasn’t a contest of speed, it would be
impossible for a turtle to race against a horse anyway.
No matter what, with their crass flying skills – To achieve
victory – wouldn’t be -? “…Huh? S-strange?”
As Plum thought to herself, she felt a sudden sense of apprehension.
Sora and Shiro’s posture as they flapped their wings had stabilized and
she hadn’t noticed.
Their speed began increasing slowly, and the scarf – the winds attacking
Plum became stronger.
“…Um, why did you want me to allow each one of you to control one
wing?”
Plum asked them this as she suddenly remembered.
The siblings had in an instant slowly changed the wings she had woven
for them to their own wings.
They looked at each other and smiled.
“Of course – because if we didn’t do so, our victory wouldn’t be guaranteed.”
Conversely, if they were to do it they would definitely win, and they both said
this while holding each other’s hands.
- As long as our hands are holding onto each other.
- We won’t lose to anyone.
Part 3
Empty-shelled weapons – merely objects – merely puppets – the Flügel.
They were originally tools created by their master to exterminate
gods.
But it has been over six thousand years since they lost their master – why
does the Flügel race continue to exist?
In order to search for that 「Answer」, they had roamed about with Avant
Heim for an extremely long period of time until today.
And – Jibril who had left alone herself but had returned just as suddenly –
seemed to have changed visibly.
It was just as if…yes – it was as if she had found the 「Answer」.
…
Azrael used her hands to cup her cheeks and looked up at the night sky.
In concurrence with Sora’s conditions, on the balcony earlier – the hundred
Flügel that had been waiting there for five minutes were looking in the same
direction as well.
The images that appeared in the night sky – Sora and Shiro’s figures.
“…Jii-chan, the final order that Artosh-sama ever gave me – if there’s
anyone who can find the 「Answer」, I believe it can only be the「Final
Unit」 Jii-chan, nyan.”
“…”
- She had a reason for that.
However that wasn’t the real question, and Azrael continued with that
very question in mind.
“If Jii-chan’s 「Answer」 was implanted in your head through the
Pledges by the Imanity –“
- They had discussed the matter in their native Flügel language so as to not
allow Sora and Shiro to know what was going on.
As though attempting to warn her again, Azrael smiled a smile so fake that it
made it look like she was wearing a mask, and she said to Jibril:
“I will use my 「Special Right」- you do know what this means right?”
“Yes, but -! Only stupid people ask questions to which they already know
the answers! Senpai.”
Upon hearing these words, the Flügel that were looking up into the night sky
suddenly tensed up, making the atmosphere much heavier in an instant.
- The 「Representative of the Winged」- the head of the 「Council of
Eighteen Wings」, Azrael –
The only special right Azrael possessed for not being the full representative
of the Flügel was…
It was something that was agreed over six thousand years ago with an
unanimous decision from everyone.
“-「The right to order all the Flügel to commit suicide」...is there something
wrong?”
Azrael’s gaze sharpened instantly at Jibril’s dismissive tone.
“It was a right originally created by Azrael-senpai while we were still
discovering our purpose to continue living after our master was killed in
order to prevent us from committing suicide, so if you think that we have
no reason to continue to exist – please feel free.”
At this point the emotion that swept through the crowd was not fear – the
Flügel did not fear death in the first place.
They were a race created as weapons, so to them death would even be
considered an honour.
Despite this, the reasons why the participants felt tense was because they
were 「Anticipating」.
- For something to start, or possibly for something to end. That was the
only difference, but –
Everyone only felt anticipation at that sort of prediction. “…It’s good
that you know-nyan…”
While the only one present that didn’t seem to understand what had
happened was Azrael.
Jibril looked at her somewhat disappointedly upon realizing so. - Her gaze
slowly corroded Azrael.
“Azrael-senpai, you of all people should know, we – the Flügel have a
very basic misunderstanding.”
- Sora and the others didn’t know.
But it was because Jibril had met them – after which she had changed
significantly.
Before losing to Sora and the others, Jibril – even if she was the type to act
immediately after something went amiss, she was pretty much the same
as Azrael.
Turning the unknown into known – that was the only thing that was
meaningful to her.
She had to reverse the unknown, and there was no ulterior motive behind it,
all she meant was – it was an 「Enemy」 she had to exterminate.
Jibril was probably hungrier for combat than any other unit against that
「Enemy」.
- However, her views changed on the very day she lost to Sora and Shiro.
“The knowledge that we spent thousands, tens of thousands of years
gathering was completely obliterated by the Masters who
have barely walked ten years upon this earth, and the meaning behind this,
the very significance of it – Senpai, you just don’t understand.”
“…”
Her face was filled with a passion that Azrael had never seen before.
According to her memory, she had never seen Jibril do that, not even to
Artosh.
“It’s a perplexing feeling, even more intense than the passion of eliminating
the unknown. It’s a way of life, continuously reversing into unknowns that
led me to follow my Masters by my own will – it’s completely unrelated to
the pledges.”
Azrael remained speechless at Jibril’s words.
Because to be honest, she had no idea what they meant.
Turning the known to unknown? – Wouldn’t that sort of thing cause a
person to feel horrified?
- But...
Maybe because they were moved by Jibril’s words…
Upon hearing her brief speech, the hundred Flügel that couldn’t wait to get
moving had a tint of excitement in their eyes – and their wings trembled.
- Azrael couldn’t understand why that was, and she once again cupped her
cheeks with her hands.
At least that wasn’t the 「Answer」.
She looked up into the empty skies just like that – at the clumsily flying
pair.
“I know Azrael-senpai cares more than anyone about the future of the
Flügel, but –“
“…”
She glanced to the side, only to see Jibril with an expression of utmost
determination on her face, and she spoke in an almost begging fashion:
“The answer you’re seeking for isn’t where you think it is.”
Part 4
“Hnnnnnnnnggg~……hnnnnnnnnnnnnngggg~~…. I-I’m at my limit…too
tiring, I wanna give up…”
“Hey, it’s not even been three minutes! Even Ultr*man[1] is tougher than
you, you know!?”
Plum (scarf form) was complaining since almost the very beginning,
while Sora provided her with words of encouragement.
“I’m different from those Flügel monsters! Overcoming the force of gravity
and your weights combined is harder than both of you can imagine!! I even
have to lend you my wings as well
– please spare me –“
“If you’re gonna talk about sweat, I’ve sweated a lot already, so you can lick
it off for all I care!”
“For you two, how could I possible give up! – Right, let’s continue on!!”
“You’ve completely ruined the atmosphere!!”
The sensation of his neck being licked sent an unpleasant tingle down his
spine.
The scarf that Plum was disguising as …
It was a disguise on her 「Physical appearance」, in order to give others
the impression that she was connecting Sora and Shiro in the form of a
scarf.
The two ends of the scarf moved along with Sora and Shiro’s wills, and they
served the same purposes as a pair of wings.
“Hey, to us this looks like a scarf with wings, but what does it actually look
like?”
“Lick…ah, how blissful ♥ - huh, what? Um~ I’m currently hugging Soradono’s
neck and licking it…and using my foot to hook onto Shiro -dono’s
neck.”
“Heh, isn’t this a perverted way to fly!”
“…Nii, that joke was bad, you’re noisy…and it’s lame…”
“I was just saying, did you really have a need to go that overboard!?”
A streak of tears flashed past Avant Heim’s night sky. However Plum
rebutted impatiently:
“Let me make this clear, it’s the special right of the Elves to cast multiple
spells at once! A magic such as turning myself into a flying scarf while
allowing you both to fly at your own will is extreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeemely
worthy of praise, OK!!”
Plum uttered this extreeeeeeeeeeeeeeemly long sentence.
“Also, this is more tiring than I expected…if my supply of energy gets cut,
I’ll probably die within a few seconds.”
“…I’m surprised you’d agree with something this dangerous.”
“Huh? Because if I do this I can lick Sora-dono’s neck to my heart’s
content…slurp~ delicious, delicious.”
“AHHHH! I’M TAKING THIS SCARF OFF RIGHT NOW!!”
As Sora was considering ignoring the consequences and stripping off
the scarf altogether –
“…Nii, the time.”
Five minutes had passed – Sora’s gaze sharpened upon hearing Shiro’s
warning.
Which meant at this time, the Flügel that had a late start would begin
attempting to catch them.
“- Right, Plum, our lives are in your hands now, so don’t you go running out
of energy halfway!”
“No problem. Our fates are tied, so if I do run out of energy halfway we’ll
just die together at most.”
“We don’t need to think about that!! Let’s go already!”
As he said this, Sora and Shiro immediately began flapping their wings
mightily and simultaneously – dropping their altitude at once.
“Kyaaaaahhhhhhhhhh!”
They accelerated in that instant so quickly that even Plum had to cry out.
The speed of their descent and the power of the wings caused them to
accelerate endless, and the strong winds rushed to meet them –
As they were about to hit the ground – the back of Avant Heim, they began
flying laterally.
(They’re attempting to shake off our pursuers with the momentum
from our descent…probably.)
Plum didn’t say anything but merely thought to herself, after which she
grumbled: But –
A presence came up from behind, as the Flügel that had just left were
already catching up to them.
Sora and Shiro really had completely mastered control over their wings
with an astounding speed.
But – no matter how they were to commandeer the wings woven by
Plum, they would still be unable to overcome the laws of physics.
It was already a blessing that they could reach two hundred kilometres per
hour, however the Flügel on the other hand were an existence that simply
threw the laws of physics out of the window.
(A -at this rate they’ll catch up to us in no time aaaahhhh what do we do
now!?)
Plum began yelling to herself, however Sora and Shiro merely turned
around to look calmly –
“Four of them, no formation.” “…Letters, one,
three…” “Direction, recover?”
“…One bottom of the wing 「ナ (na) 」…three left side of stomach 「ア (a)
」.”
“- Shiro three, let’s move!”
- They had a brief conversation which Plum completely couldn’t
understand, as they had completed their discussion within a minute –
Huh? As Plum let out this curious expression, Sora and Shiro had already
veered their courses slightly.
- In an instant.
“Hehe~ I’ll be the first~!” “I’ll take that!”
As they expected, the five minutes of waiting time had meant nothing to
them, as two Flügel were already approaching.
Their hands closed in on Sora and Shiro – but missed. “”- Huh!?””
The two that were unable to catch Sora and Shiro couldn’t seem to
comprehend how they managed to vanish from their
eyes in an instant, causing them to utter a confused exclamation.
At that time –
“”Ah!!””
- Behind them.
On the bottom of the wing and the left side of the stomach respectively – the
characters inscribed there were touched, and both of them let out a gentle
moan.
The other two behind them were slightly late and ended up losing their
quarry, and they began surveying their surroundings frantically.
That was no surprise, as by then Sora and Shiro were already flying
towards the connected cubes in a spiral pattern.
They darted and wove through the cracks – through the streets of Avant
Heim – towards the connected cubes.
The two 「Characters」 were already on their respective hands.
“…Huh? Just now…what was that!?”
It happened in such a short instance that even Plum who was wrapped
around their necks couldn’t comprehend what had happened.
On the other side of the disguising magic, Plum widened her eyes in
surprise, and Sora said to her:
“Barrel roll – isn’t this one of the basic techniques to avoid a flying unit that
is faster than you and is flying in a straight direction?”
- As Sora and Shiro noticed that they had company, they drew them in as
close as possible then slightly veered their course, in order that among the
four of them – the two inscribed with characters would take the lead, and
they merely had to turn slightly.
And in the instant as they were about to be caught, they spread their wings,
and merely – rolled over in a diagonal fashion.
So, with their general direction remaining the same, Sora and Shiro
decelerated as they spun spirals in the air. On the other hand, the Flügel
thought that Sora and Shiro had simply disappeared as they were too fast –
simply speaking, they
merely 「Overshot」.
They were still unused to their wings, and they would never be able to reach
the speeds of that of a Flügel’s no matter how hard they tried, so –
“Since we can’t control our wings we just have to stop in our tracks, and for
the Flügel who completely ignore aerodynamic studies at the like – they are
merely fighter planes flying along a fixed path…”
“…Even if they know…they never bothered about it…”
Both of them smiled mischievously, and on their hands were exactly what
Shiro had declared earlier – the characters 「ナ (na) 」and「ア (a) 」
were swirling about there.
Plum was speechless, having just realized what had happened.
“…Don’t tell me – you memorized the positions of all the characters!?”
Sora smiled bitterly and replied:
“Plum, are you underestimating my glorious sister?”
This sentence alone made even one such as Plum feel pressured,
and she shut her mouth.
“Anyway…Shiro, the words we really need…you should know them
right?”
“Of course.”
“So we need to get hold of those people, also our opponents aren’t exactly
dimwits, so our aerial strategy won’t work all the time.”
“…Mm, understood…”
- Get hold of. Those two declared that naturally as if it was bound to
happen, causing Plum to widen her eyes in shock.
They were clearly playing a game of red light, green light against the
Flügel, however they themselves acted as if they were the pursuers.
Sora and Shiro flew about in the city of Avant Heim just like 「Passing
through cracks」.
Part 5
- On the floor where only two people remained after the rest of the Flügel
had left.
Jibril and Azrael stood together and watched the events unfolding in
the air before them.
The feelings within Jibril’s chest – turned into 「Shock」 extremely
quickly.
Shiro had memorized all the characters and the people who possessed
them, and even where they were.
That was why they could pull off the avoid and recover maneuver so
flawlessly earlier – however, what shocked her even more was that they
knew the city like the back of their hands, as they were flying about as if it
was their own backyard. Jibril couldn’t hide her shock at her two Masters.
The city of Avant Heim with countless cubes stacked up in complex
formations was lit up extremely dimly under the moonlight in the
surrounding darkness, however they could still duck and weave throughout
the spaces between the cubes like skilled weavers passing threads through
needles.
They were still lacking in speed, however in this case if their pursuers were
to go too fast they would lose them instead.
The narrow, dark alleyways and cracks that were formed between the
cubes –
Even the cracks that could barely fit a single person through were easily
overcome by the flying two, so if their pursuers
were to go too fast – if they were to let down their guard they would crash
into the cubes, leaving them a clear escape route.
(…They’re really something…but if so -)
There was one part she couldn’t explain, and Jibril began questioning it.
Jibril couldn’t deny the fact that the Flügel as a race – did have the tendency
to achieve victory through brute force.
But despite this, they could still 「Coordinate」. If they couldn’t, they
wouldn’t deserve the right to be called 「Weapons」.
Even if they didn’t have 「Speed」 , they would switch to a
「Surrounding」 strategy – and –
“Huh!? Huh, why -!?”
A Flügel female uttered a lamenting cry, as they were all standing guard
by the crack Sora and the others flew into which had only one exit –
however both of them flew out through a way they hadn’t expected.
Sora and Shiro avoided their grasp easily.
They had only caught an extremely short glimpse of the map, and they had
gotten such a deep understanding of the entire city (Avant Heim) within
that period of time?
- Impossible. If it was one of the Masters – Shiro, there was a possibility that
she could memorize the map within seconds.
However the city was built from various, countless complexly stacked cubes
of different structures and heights, so it would be impossible to truly master
the alleyways and shortcuts of the city with the map alone, if so how did they
do it –
Just like that, even Jibril who was observing them for the longest time
finally realized that she suspected her own explanation more than
anyone else.
Part 6
(Huh? Y-you’re joking right?)
Sora and Shiro’s tightly interlocked hands – Plum saw that their fingers
were moving about intricately.
Plum was resisting the urge to moan pitifully as hard as she could since
earlier, and as for her theory behind how those two could duck and weave
between all those narrow caves and alleyways – it could even be called
fallacy – and this fact made Plum so shocked she was unable to say a word.
Which meant, possibly, probably, although somewhat unbelievable –
it could be the case.
Shiro would fly along the streets according to her memory, and confirm the
average size of the cubes.
After which she would calculate mentally to decipher the order of the
patterns of the stacked cubes, then find the small passageways created due
to those height differences.
And she transmitted that information to Sora not through words, but
instead through hand signals.
While Sora would reply with ways to shake off, trick, bait, and deceive their
pursuers.
- What other response could Plum have other than remaining speechless?
To Plum, no, possibly to anyone, that would be beyond
comprehension.
Communicating using finger movements, but it wasn’t information on
a mere level of 「Move here」 or 「Go there」.
From the touch of their hands, they could decipher each other’s intentions, as
these two Imanity that had a wing each flapped their wings in the air and
moved seamlessly, without any form of hesitation, as though their clutched
hands were a combined part of their reflexes.
There was no doubt about it that they still weren’t completely used to the
procedure.
Their flying still carried a slight hint of jerkiness – and because of that.
Plum was even more surprised at this unbelievable sight. Holding each
other’s hands – the two formed a pair of wings.
When a wing on one side were to master the wing woven by Plum more
efficiently and overcome the forces of gravity.
The other wing would simply master the other half’s movements and
play along just before being thrown off.
Throughout the span of each flap, they learnt from each other and passed
down their knowledge between them as well, without any mistakes nor
hiccups.
- They were endlessly improving at a stunning speed.
Upon seeing this, Plum sensed a chill rolling down her spine, those two –
were more than she imagined –
- At this time, the previously silent two spoke. “Left four, four
pull.”
“…Left サ (sa) と (to) オ (o) ス (su), right カ (ka) マ (ma) ヌ (nu) ク(ku)
missing one.”
“Return, top, twelve?”
“…Character five, complete…but dangerous.”
Both of them conversed in a code-like manner, however Sora finally replied
cheerfully in a normal fashion.
“Even if it’s dangerous we still have to do it -! Let’s begin our attack!!”
“…Understood! Shiro left Nii right, left shoulder right wing left hip left
arm!”
Immediately as she finished – “Yaaaahhhh!!”
They spun about a breakneck speeds as if their wings – which meant Plum
– had split into two, and they flew into a narrow hole –
“-! We’ve finally got them cornered!” “Pincer attack, this is
my time to shine!!”
Sora and Shiro accidentally – according to Plum’s point of view –
stumbled into a wide road.
What awaited them was four Flügel on their left and right respectively –
and as they had said, it was a perfect pincer attack.
However Plum suddenly remembered what they had said earlier.
- 「Left right four, four pull」…Draw them out – then attack?
The Flügel which were a total amount of eight were closing in at an
extremely rapid pace, but – if so –
“Let’s move, Shiro!!” “…OK!”
- Who exactly were the ones driven into a corner –
Sora and Shiro clapped their open palms together, forming a 「Word
Spirit」.
The characters that were originally on their respective hands combined –
and emitted light.
Facing the onslaught of the eight Flügel, the two – yelled with their palms
facing opposite directions:
“”- 「Hole (アナ ana) 」!”” - In an instant.
The eight Flügel that were charging towards Sora and Shiro – “--…Huh?”
Passed through them, and them appeared on opposite sides. “Ah!”
Leaving behind eight moans, Sora and Shiro once again flew into the cracks
between the cubes.
In a narrow passageway that could just about fit one person, Sora flew
horizontally and laughed.
“サ (sa) と (to) オ (o) ス (su) – what do you think, Shiro, I got all of them!”
“…カ (ka) マ (ma) ヌ (nu) ク(ku)…now we have eight…”
The both of them confirmed the four glowing characters that were spinning
around on their respective palms in a matter-of-fact fashion.
- Plum asked them fearfully. “…Um, just now…what was
that…”
“What else, it was a 「Hole」, a 「Word Spirit」 that would take effect on
anyone it comes into contact with – which is the rule of this game.”
“…So…we opened a hole…in 「Reality」.” Plum began recalling
what had happened.
They had opened holes on their left and right using themselves as the center,
then connecting them together in order to avoid the Flügel.
Once they were to emerge from it they would of course be facing Sora
and others with their backs – and to return the 「Characters」-
however more important than that…
“…Could it be, you’re only baiting the people that have characters on
them!?”
“Of course, but we haven’t got all the ones we want yet.”
Sora admitted nonchalantly, and he looked up in satisfaction after looking
at his wrist that had various letters strung up around it like beads.
- Plum looked up along with him.
…After which four, five, eight – twelve Flügel began darting at them at an
astonishing speed.
“Waaaah what are we going to do-aaaahhhhh!”
“Return, from the top, pull twelve – everything’s going according to
plan, don’t panic.”
“…Nii, can you make it?”
Sora and Shiro flew at high speeds through a crack that could just about fit
one person.
Which meant, when they were to reach the next open space, the amount of
Flügel that would be swarming them at once would be – twelve.
While Sora smiled cockily –
“Yep, no prob-lem-aaaaahahahhhhhhhhh!?”
Sora’s body lost its balance as his neck was being licked by Plum all of a
sudden.
They reached the open space – and in front of twelve oncoming Flügel, Sora
had lost his balance, and because of that his center of gravity –
“…Nii!?” “….Waaaaahhh!?”
As he was about to be thrown off, Shiro frantically flapped her wing in an
attempt to maintain their balance.
However Sora who almost crash-landed had no time to properly
capture the figures of the oncoming Flügel.
“Shiro, gooooooo!”
- Sora immediately made a decision, as he had no time to get back in
position.
Sora stretched his hand out to Shiro – he trusted that Shiro could
understand his intentions, and passed his 「Word Spirits」 to her.
Shiro grasped Sora’s hands, allowing the characters to move, after which
she let them go and threw them into the sky –
“- 「No entry (トオサヌ toosanu)」…!”
- As she said this, the twelve approaching figures, just as they were about to
come into contact with Sora and Shiro, suddenly
–
“Ouch!” “Ah!”
Pitter-patter – no, it wasn’t such a gentle noise.
A huge, cannon-like explosion was heard, and the Flügel all violently
slammed into an invisible wall.
But the problem was -!
Shiro looked over at Sora, and according to the plan – they were
supposed to spiral upwards rapidly.
- 「No entry」. She was forced to create a barrier with these four words in
order to prevent their enemies from passing through.
And in the instant when that would occur, they would only act on the five
that had characters inscribe on them, or at least that was the plan –
“Heh-aaaaaahhhh!”
- He made it, Shiro thought while appearing immensely relieved.
While he left the activation of the 「Word Spirits」 to Shiro, he spent that
time to regain his composure and turn to his original position.
Sora even began sweating cold sweat, and he flapped his wing while Shiro
cooperated –!
As the twelve Flügel slammed into the invisible wall and were stopped in
their tracks, the two passed through the Flügel crowds –
“Dammit, Shiro – it’s up to you!” “Mm!”
Shiro didn’t manage to tell Sora which one of them had characters on
them.
Shiro stretched out her hand, and then –
Since it still wasn’t enough, she used her two legs – and even her wing to
gather up all the characters.
“Uggghhhhhh~~~ don’t think about running –“ “Dream on!”
Shiro’s wing was nearly grabbed onto, however Sora flapped his wing and
shifted their centre of gravity.
They had avoided a death trap extremely narrowly, and the two landed
below the invisible wall – flapping their wings just as they were about to hit
the ground – then flew into another narrow corridor…before they could say
they were safe.
“…Phew….phew!”
Sora’s shoulders convulsed violently as he breathed, and he finally
managed to regulate his breathing, just as Shiro was about to ask about
his condition –
“A-about that… are both of you alright?”
- The culprit that had brought this crisis upon them (Plum) did it before her.
Sora bit onto the scarf and yelled with his voice muffled. “- Plum~~~!
Do you want us to die together!?”
“I-I-I-I-I’m sorry! It was because of that sudden spiral, my mouth left Soradono’s
presence – and I even previously said that if I were to lose a source 
within a few seconds I would die!! So of course if we’re going to die we
might as well die together, see you all in hell!!”
This fellow must have a huge amount of courage to say things like that.
While Shiro managed her own violently breathing heart – and spoke while
looking the characters on her hand:
“…Nii…ソ (so) ワ (wa) ケ (ke) ユ (yu) ラ(ra)…we have them…so now…”
“Yep, we’ve finally completed it.”
「ラ（ra）ユ（yu）ス（su）マ（ma）ク（ku）ケ（ke）
ソ（so）カ（ka）ワ（wa）」- the two chuckled upon thinking of the
「Word Spirits」 those characters could create.
As they exchanged glances and nodded at each other – they flapped their
wings mightily.
The two who were darting through the cubes earlier, were now
– climbing up into the skies. “- Ah, found it!”
“Hmm…are they changing their strategy again?”
They were spotted immediately. However their pursuers reacted more
vigilantly this time at Sora and Shiro’s appearance.
They didn’t travel in a straight line, and instead approached their circuit in
a circular formation as if to surround them.
- No one had probably thought of it.
Because Plum didn’t manage to predict it either.
In front of the Flügel that surrounded them, the two clasped their open
palms together to form a 「Word Spirit」.
- As three characters disappeared, they touched them and yelled:
“- 「Accelerate[2]」-!!”
Part 7
Not only the pursuers.
Even Plum and Jibril who was spectating the entire thing were speechless.
From the beginning of the game, from the time they got their wings, barely
fifteen minutes had passed.
They were merely two Imanity each with a single wing created by Plum.
- They merely left behind a shockwave while they themselves were already
long gone.
- They had charged straight through the oncoming Flügel, who could have
predicted that?
Although, if it was an acceleration created by the 「Word Spirits」, it
could actually happen.
That was why they could overcome the limitations of physics upon their
wings.
Acceleration, speed, light speed – the two had planned to collect and form
those 「Word Sprits」 before the game had even began. If not, facing an
enemy that could adapt to and change their strategy according to Sora and
Shiro’s actions – essentially an opponent that could 「Learn」 and
「Adapt」, they wouldn’ t be able to survive for an hour. Thus they flew
about between the cubes at a speed, focusing more on baiting
and collecting – as Jibril saw this, her eyes narrowed as if she had just seen
the light
- Because it meant that the two trusted in the Flügel. “Hah! This is
fun!”
“…Mm!”
Both of them soared and spun about in the air like dancers, and their
laughter – spread across Avant Heim.
- Lovebirds.
This term sprung up from Jibril’s mind.
However – this term didn’t seem quite right, and she shook her head.
What she was looking at wasn’t the figurative kind of lovebird.
She was sure that it was the true, original meaning of the 「Lovebird」.
The males and females each had one eye and one wing and would fly
together with their bodies combined, a fictional organism.
(…And a being just like that is flying happily right over there.) Jibril watched
them closely and seemingly proudly – but…
“…”
Azrael who was gazing from them afar, appearing rather bored and
disinterested, still didn’t seem to manage to grasp the meaning of it.
- Upon seeing her like that, Jibril said silently:
“Senpai, do you know the reason why I’m against the 「Equality
Law」?”
“…Because Jii-chan is close minded and doesn’t like other people touching
her books-nyan?”
“No, it’s because – I enjoy reading the same books over and over.”
- It was the first time Azrael had heard of such a thing, and she stared at her
in shock.
“…Why is that so-nyan? Wouldn’t it be fine if you just memorize them?”
“Yes, I knew you would say that, which is why I never said it previously…”
Jibril sighed, and she continued again in a fit of determination:
“Even if you’ve read a book once before, after you gather more
knowledge, you’ll learn even more things even after reading them again.”
“…”
“So if you want to read them again you can’t, wouldn’t that be annoying –
don’t you get it?”
“...Don’t get what-nyan?”
“- Once you memorize it, it’s over.”
Jibril bent her head low while giving her this painful piece of advice –
however…
- Azrael still seemed extremely confused.
Ignoring Jibril’s opinion for now, what she didn’t understand the most was –
“- What does have to do with what’s going on now-nyan?”
…
…Jibril looked into her eyes – extremely sadly.
Her gaze wasn’t that of underestimation, nor was it a mocking one.
It was one of betrayal at her anticipation being ignored, a gaze of gradually
increasing disappointment and sadness at having her anticipation being
betrayed every single time.
- She couldn’t understand her sister’s anticipation, which pierced her
heart even more than anything else.
“What is it-nyan…what did I do wrong-nyan…!”
Part 8
Above Avant Heim, a single silver trail cut through the night sky.
The sound barrier had been left behind long ago, and the flying Sora and
Shiro – couldn’t be caught by anyone.
“Now as long as we don’t get too careless, we won’t get caught.”
Sora and Shiro held each other’s hands and sped through the night sky,
and although Sora said this, but –
“…But, the collecting…of the 「Characters」…”
“Yes, I know, although we want to play, we definitely have to collect all the
characters to finish this level perfectly, and…”
Sora agreed with Shiro’s words, after which he continued solemnly:
“- I’ve already figured out a 「Word Spirit」 to retaliate that person.”
“That person…? Who are you referring to?”
Plum asked a question, however Sora ignored it and turned around.
Relying on speed to increase their distance between them was good – but in
order to collect the 「Characters」 they had to get close, and that always
came with the risk of being caught,
not to mention that their opponent was the Flügel. Also – Sora thought to
himself in a cautious tone:
- Don’t forget, this game was something we didn’t expect – it was a game on
their home turf.
No matter how much they kept their guard up, it was impossible to
completely avoid it.
“…Huh, interesting.”
Sora mumbled to himself, very good - this is truly a game that deserves to be
played!
So let’s decrease the risk as much as we can – so we had better collect as
many characters as we can.
That was sort of their insurance policy, which was increasing their 「Word
Spirits」, so even if they get into an unpredictable situation - and Sora who
was facing behind – suddenly had a glint in his eye.
“…Huh?”
Shiro let out a curious mumble upon seeing that glint, but – “- Cheh~~!?”
This was the 「Unpredictable Situation」 Sora was thinking about earlier,
and to this Sora had reacted in advance.
He took himself as a pendulum and swung downwards – and while still
going along the same direction, he shifted their 「Axis」, and spun around
in a curve.
“U-um, what are you doing – kyaaaaaahhhhh!?”
A burst of light shot through the 「Position」 they were in previously,
cutting off Plum’s words.
- Shiro was just about to praise her brother’s unbelievably fast reaction
speed and judgement time, however before that –
“Jibri~~~llll!! What is that! I never heard you mentioning anything about
that! We can attack!?”
…His composure earlier had completely disappeared, and Sora yelled
suddenly, and above his head – with a small poof…
A tiny Jibril of about four heads tall appeared to explain the situation.
“No, Masters, that wasn’t an attack, it’s a 「Capturing Magic」 that stalks
its target.”
“Are you telling me that wasn’t a 「Bullet」?”
“No, that thing does no damage at all, as it’s just a magic that binds the enemy
and pulls him to yourself, it doesn’t have any potential for destruction as its
aim is merely to capture its target. So it’s different from the 「Bullets」 in
the Masters’ world –“
Sora scratched his head and roared in response to Jibril’s chatter:
“So let me rephrase my sentence, you never mentioned that long-distance
tools could be used! Don’t we have any? Plum!!”
“Don’t go so hard on me! Double casting is a talent natural only to the
Elves, also if I continue to use another spell, I’m actually going to shrivel
up and die! I’ve licked Sora-dono’s neck so much that it’s starting to swell!”
“I don’t care whether it’s swelling or not! I’m covered in cold sweat anyway,
so why don’t you just lick my back!”
“Really!? Let’s eat~! Ah~ mm ♥”
Her wails suddenly turned into groans of pleasure, and Sora turned
around, speechless at Plum’s actions.
Being a match on the Flügel’s home turf, Sora was just thinking about
unforeseen circumstances – and as he thought about that they occurred
immediately!
The opponent did say they would 「Ban teleportation」- but… - They never
said to 「Ban magic」-
“Dammit – I realized it too late!” “…We should have
expected it…!”
- Regarding the 「Word Spirits」, the rules would be too much
in their favour if they could win through the 「Word Spirits」 alone.
When they realized their mistake of not realizing that earlier, Sora and
Shiro – no, Shiro gnawed on her fingernails, feeling extremely frustrated.
Rules to attack the opponent… this language loophole was her responsibility
to discover since she was the one that would memorize everything word for
word.
Sora stroked Shiro’s head and said:
“It’s normal for games like these that we couldn’t anticipate, so there’s no
use crying over spilt milk, what’s important now is –“
“…Mm.”
- Being a surprise game that they didn’t have complete knowledge about, it
was reasonable to think that unpredictable things like that could happen.
Despite this they could still win – because adapting to their opponent’s
actions extremely quickly was the true ability of Kuuhaku「」- there was no
time to regret!
“- Jibril, how many shots can that thing fire?”
“Let me think…it varies for the abilities of different people, but about six
shots I guess?”
“- It’s hard to handle, but since there are only six shots our opponents
won’t waste their ammunition, thus –“
“Ah, it’s not like that, Master.”
At this point Sora who was facing behind saw multiple shadows land
on the cubes – the Flügel.
They raised their palms – and the night sky turned so bright it was like
daylight.
“It’s that 「Up to six shots can be fired at once」, there’s no limit to the
amount of shots!“
“I actually thought that monsters like you would have such things as
「Limitations」 for a moment there, I’m so stupid!”
“…Nii, over here -!”
This time Shiro was the faster one to react, and she flapped her wing
vigorously.
Sora immediately left behind the mini-Jibril and followed Shiro without
reply, and they accelerated together.
The 「Binding Light」 drew a complex pattern in the air as it approached –
although if it was homing as Jibril had said –
“…Mm!”
Shiro flapped her wing once as hard as she could, and Sora played along,
having understood her intentions from her hand motions.
Countless streaks of light approached them, and even Sora and Shiro who
had used the acceleration 「Word Spirit」 from earlier couldn’t escape their
clutches.
And as the light approached their backs - 「Chandelle」[3].
They turned diagonally upwards at a forty-five degree curve from flying
straight, turning their speed to altitude, and climbed upwards – since the
「Binding Light」 would probably activate its proximity fuse as it reached a
certain distance away from them – a flash of light burst from behind them as
their sharp ascent caused their speed to decrease which allowed the
「Blinding Light」 to approach – and it triggered.
“Aaaaaahhhhh!”
Ignoring Plum’s cries, Shiro immediately cancelled their original sharp
ascent with a slight flip of her wing.
She didn’t turn around, instead she flapped her wing again and once again
began their ascent, distancing themselves from the exploding lights behind
them.
- They dodged it. Just as they were catching their breath, streaks of light
once again surged at them, and Shiro attracted them all to her then
swapped her direction.
She baited them with the exact same method from earlier, however this time
she darted diagonally downward, changing altitude to speed. As for the
countless lights that exploded behind them, she escaped them with the same
momentum, and she acquired speed from this –
“Yaaaaaaahhhhh!”
Plum who was still in wing form let out a cry, as being in a state of ultrahigh
speeds had caused the wings to stop flapping.
They spiralled about in the air, drawing circles with their bodies, dodging
the countless lights that exploded within close proximity of them.
However this time they spun about in the other direction while flapping
furiously to avoid the remaining lights.
Sora and Shiro flew together in a horizontal fashion, and they flew into the
cracks between a slightly larger cube – after which –
Countless explosions and flashes of lights occurred at the opening of the
crack.
- Since it was a 「Homing device」, they just had to 「Lure」 it.
It was Shiro’s responsibility to calculate the paths of the lights they had to
avoid –
“Phew…phew…”
However Shiro was sweating cold sweat and panting uncontrollably as if
she had just survived an Itano Circus[4].
It was as if she had these words written on her face: I must do all I can in
repentance for not realizing that they never prevented the usage of magic.
And that sense of responsibility caused her to still appear unsatisfied even
after that glorious display of skill from earlier.
“- Shiro, I’m really proud to have you as my sister.”
Sora fondled his sister’s head while flying through the narrow cracks, and
he complimented her, after which –
“I can’t take this anymore, I want to withdraw from this game, if this
goes on my body won’t be able to take it!!”
In order to keep up with their movements, the wings – Plum was
extremely exhausted.
That pressure caused her to cry out like that, and from her teary tone it was
evident that she was at her limit.
And – Sora pondered with cold sweat running down his back as well - after
they were to get out of the alleyway…
There would definitely be a large amount of Flügel lying in wait.
From the way the Flügel were able to adapt that Sora had observed, he was
sure that they wouldn’t pass up this chance.
“-…Nii…Shiro is…”
- They would definitely account from their previous evasion method as
well.
The 「Binding Lights」 would undoubtedly come in multiples and with
slight time differences between them.
If so even someone like Shiro wouldn’t be able to avoid all of them, not to
mention that Plum was at her limit.
So – Sora and Shiro looked down at their wrists.
- They had only the 「Word Spirits」 to save them, but the characters they
had were - 「ラ（ra）ユ（yu）ス（su）マ （ma）ケ（ke）ワ（wa）」
All of them were characters extremely hard to use in a word game -!
Sora cursed to himself anxiously. They had only a few more seconds in the
passageway before the exit.
In a few seconds, he had to think of a word that could allow them to avoid
or shield them from the oncoming countless flashes of light -!
“「Defeat[5]」! No... Nii, I’m sorry –“
Shiro unconsciously uttered the first word she thought of, after which she
immediately corrected herself.
Although in reality, it was the 「Word Spirit」 that was the most likely to
take effect.
How could they use the characters to block the attacks? Barrier, shield,
reflect, avoid – they lacked the characters needed for all of those.
(A way to reverse this situation – to reverse it -!)
Sora clenched his jaw and worked his brain at a speed that as if it was going
to overheat, they had six characters, and all of them were extremely hard to
use.
The 「Word Spirit」 needed to reverse the situation – reverse … no.
“- Reversing the situation… that’s my job -!” “…Huh?”
Shiro replied curiously to Sora’s mumblings.
In an instant – in Sora’s mind, gears began whirling and meshing together,
and multiple thoughts began overlapping.
- As Jibril had said, it was a capturing magic that would activate in
extremely close proximity to its target like a proximity fuse.
- At a speed even faster than the Flügel, which Sora and Shiro definitely
wouldn’t be able to avoid.
And as the light was about to be fired, what Sora saw was – as those
memories combined into one, Sora smiled.
“Why do we have to avoid it – isn’t this a great opportunity!! Shiro, ascend.”
“What~~!?”
If they were to ascend they would be hit by the 「Binding Light」,
however Plum was the only one that let out a cry of agony at Sora’s words.
“…Understood.”
Shiro flapped her wing and rose upwards – since her brother had reached
that conclusion, she needed no other evidence.
They continued to ascend at high speeds, and flew upwards along the
tunnel – then exited it.
As expected –
A rain of light that dyed the night sky bright white fell upon them.
“Waaaaaaaaaaahahahhhhhhhhhhhh!!”
It didn’t have any destructive power, however it was still a magic of the
Flügel.
If they were caught the game would be over, and the only way they could
gather information regarding the conditions to awaken the Empress would
be –
- Plum cried out once again as she was worried about these two things.
Although in reaction to this, Sora fearlessly allowed three characters
from his wrist to disappear to form 「Word Spirits」.
And as he was about to be hit by the 「Binding Light」, what happened
instead was…
What happened was – the Flügel that shot out the light had collapsed.
While the ones that had left the passage as well and had fired the lights
coming at them collapsed as well.
Leaving no exceptions – everyone was standing on the cubes.
- They couldn’t shoot without being on the ground, so – there was no need
to evade.
Amongst the oncoming beams of light, Sora climbed onto the exit of the
passageway.
He threw the 「Word Spirits」 he formed onto the ground with all his might
– and yelled.
“- 「Flip」-!!”[6] - After a short delay –
Ignoring all the laws of the physical plane, suddenly – - Avant Heim’s
entire horizon 「Flipped over」. “””Aaaaaaahahhh -!?”””
Not only Plum, but the Flügel who had fired the 「Binding Lights」 as well
– even the people watching from afar, Jibril yelled out in surprise.
What would happen if the entire arena (Avant Heim) were to flip over?
Everything in the skies - the 「Binding Lights」 moving about in the air and
the Flügel there would remain the same.
Even their high-pitched yells followed the Doppler Effect[7], and the ones
that stood on the arena – the people on the floor – which were the Flügel,
Sora and Shiro.
- Their positions were swapped and reversed.
“””Yaaaaaaaahhhhhhhh!”””
“Even the ones that fired the lights won’t be able to evade them since
they’ll appear in front of them in an instant!”
Sora spoke while smiling, and only Shiro saw the corner of his mouth curl up
ever so slightly.
「- Spin Avant Heim」…
If they didn’t spin it from the position they did, the light would merely come
over in a different direction.
Sora’s smile was that of a gambler who had just won an extremely risky
hand – although if the 「Binding Light」 as Jibril said it would –
“- Shiro!!”
Her brother called upon her without hesitation, and Shiro having
immediately understood his intentions, replied:
“…Twenty-five characters…!”
Yes - the 「Binding Light」 did work as Jibril had explained.
- It captures its target, and pulls it back to the source of the shot, however
if the position of the source is reversed!
“Aaaaaahhhhh!”
“W-wait a minute, eek~~!!”
- The massive amounts of Flügel were pulled over to Sora and Shiro.
“It’s all up to you, Shiro!!”
- All this was in accordance to Sora’s plan – and it was a risk they could
only take once.
From the 「Thirty-eight」 Flügel they dragged over – they acquired
twenty-five characters.
タ（ta）•ホ（ho）•シ（si）•テ（te）•キ（ki）•メ
（me）•ヤ（ya）•ル（ru）•エ（e）•イ（i）•モ（mo）•
ツ（tsu）•へ（he）•レ（re）•ヨ（yo）•ネ（ne）•セ
（se）•二（ni）•フ（hu）•ノ（no）•ム（mu）•ン（n）•
ウ（u）•リ（ri）•コ（ko） - But…
“…B-but, Nii!”
Shiro called out in confusion.
- It was a stunning result, as thirty-eight Flügel were pulled over in
various positions.
However only Shiro knew the positions of the words, not considering
the time limit.
In such a short period of time, to collect characters from twenty-five people,
for one person alone it would be – although Sora immediately smiled and –
“First we need to consider the ratings! 「Steam[8]」!!”
Billows of steam began covering the area extremely quickly, covering all
the Flügel that had been drawn there.
After which – Sora smiled from cheek to cheek, and used another
「Word Spirit」.
He splashed it at everyone in front of him – Shiro still didn’t bother reading
her brother’s actions, and she had her eyes half open.
At the same time, Sora and Shiro flapped their wings mightily and flew
away as fast as they could – and then –
“- Since everything’s in place - 「Naked[9]」!!”
The Flügel that were jumbled and tied together in various positions by
the 「Binding Light」…
- Their clothes all vanished at once, thus Sora could now tell where the
positions of the characters were.
Sora had an expression of – absolute glee on his face – and he closed his
eyes and said:
“Ah, I can see it, Shiro, I can see so many things!!”
“…Nii take the left, Shiro… the right.”
“Ah! Leave it to me, my sister! Hahahahahah! Roar, my left hand!”
The sister glanced at him with a gaze so cold that even the atoms around hit
absolute zero temperatures, while the brother had a gaze so fiery that the
magnetic fields around them would evaporate.
- If the temperature of people’s gazes could cause effect, the entire planet
would probably be engulfed in a typhoon.
But luckily – “Ah!” “Yah!”
- The only thing the scene was engulfed with was the chorus of twenty-five
Flügel’s moans.
Although he wanted to continue listening to that chorus, Sora and Shiro
could only pass through them quickly and leave them behind.
After which they accelerated up high into the skies once again.
“- How should I put it, your actions were so fast that even I was amazed.”
“Heheheh, you can compliment me more, Plum! Heheheh.” “…Nii, your
pervertedness is as long as a parsec[10]…”
“Did I just get scolded with an astronomical unit!? Your brother worked
very hard for all this!!”
- Sora had collected twelve characters, and Shiro thirteen.
Also, Sora had enjoyed some unnecessary skin-on-skin contact and had made
some disgusting noises, to which Shiro scolded him outright.
The brother was rather upset at the sister scolding him with a unit that
represented about 3.26 light years, however Shiro didn’t stop there.
“…Nii, 「Steam」 and 「Naked」…you wasted…three characters…”
“Hey, my dear younger sister, stop fooling around, how was that a waste?
Imposible.”
Sora smiled a smile so exaggerated even an American would be proud, and
he rebutted Shiro’s words:
“There were three glorious aims to that action: collecting the characters;
preventing them from chasing us again since they will now have an aversion
to flying naked; and most importantly –“
Sora stopped for a while – and continued with an incredibly solemn
expression…
He declared determinedly:
“It was the choice of Steins;Gate[11].”
“…More like the Gate of Nii’s desires…”
Shiro continued to comment in an icily cold tone, while Plum detected
presences behind them and she yelled out:
“Waaaaahahh~~ they’re coming at us from behind without shame!!”
“What~!? I didn’t think of that!! ...They’re coming from in front too, Shiro?”
“…No words.”
Shiro replied somewhat unpleased, as multiple completely naked Flügel
who had escaped the binding lights as well as three others were
approaching from the back and front respectively.
Sora intentionally faced the oncoming Flügel, prepared his camera and
constructed a 「Word Spirit」.
After which the two gracefully dodged their outstretched hands
– and threw the 「Word Spirit」 over.
“- 「Fondle breasts[12]」”… they yelled.
After which they did a backflip in the air, and Sora used his wing to cover
Shiro’s eyes and activated his camera.
“Now these people will help me trip up our
pursuers…phew…”
The clothes-wearing Flügel began to fondle the breasts of the naked Flügel,
slowing down their pace.

“Phew – I finally saw Nirvana with my very own eyes… what a glorious sight,
but sadly it’s at night so I wonder whether the camera did get those shots?”
“…I’m speechless to the point where I don’t know whether to feel awed by
Sora-dono anymore…”
Part 9
- The Masters who were dancing about in the skies appeared so cheerful and
energetic, and they could even smile in the face of danger.
However looking at those shadows projected in the night sky, Azrael still
couldn’t seem to understand.
“-…”
Jibril didn’t know how many times she had sighed at Azrael who merely
had her brow furrowed in confusion.
…At this rate the Masters would win – although there would be no
meaning in that.
Azrael would betray the Masters’ expectations without knowing
anything -!
“…Senpai, why can’t you just understand…” “-…”
“You want to order everyone to commit suicide just like that? To die just
because of you?”
Azrael still couldn’t understand the heavy undertones of worry within
Jibril’s voice.
- Why should the Flügel fear death?
The Flügel shouldn’t even possess that emotion.
And she wasn’t afraid of her own death – she was afraid of those brats?
“You saw the Masters’ faces, those children’s faces, and you still don’t
understand a thing? If you seal those children’s potential just because of
your own stupidity and stubbornness, and waste this six thousand years –“
- Please, please understand.
“The one that wasted these six thousand years – is you!!”
Tears were almost appearing in Jibril’s eyes, and her voice sounded as if
she was trying her hardest to squeeze it out.
But Azrael still couldn’t understand, what was it that she didn’t understand?
What is it? What is it…!
- …
“Ugh~ I can’t catch them!!”
“Go around the other way and surround them! Fire the binding magic in
a cross shape! As long as we make them waste their words, we have a
chance!”
“Huh~? But they’ll still avoid it anyway.”
“Just try it, if we can’t we’ll just think of another way, let’s go!”
The Flügel began dancing about in the air after a brief discussion,
and for some reason –
On their faces were pure, unadultered – smiles. - …What made
them so happy?
Sora and Shiro once again spiralled downwards as they realized they were
firing at them in a cross shape, and avoided the shots entirely as expected.
“Really, look, they did dodge it.”
“Heh, so let’s fire at them simultaneously from above and below!
Everyone scatter and fire at my signal!”
“Understood!!”
- …What made them so happy?
How could they possibly smile like that while chasing an enemy they
couldn’t beat?
- …
Azrael seemed frustrated at herself for not understanding, while Jibril
spoke softly to her:
“Senpai, do you remember my battle record?
“…I remember all of it-nyan, I remember everything my cute little sister has
done.”
She bent her head down and appeared to look into the horizon
– somewhere that wasn’t where she was – and smiled with a faraway gaze.
“Gigants, you helped to take down nineteen of them, and killed one of them
by yourself; and the Dragonias, you helped to take down three of them, and
killed one of them by yourself -!”
- The severed heads of the Dragonias that were hanging on the humongous
tree on the outskirts of the city were Jibril’s trophies.
And that skull was to celebrate her results, Azrael had put it there
intentionally – it was a decoration, and –
“Phantasma, you helped to kill three – and killed one by yourself, nyan.”
Just the same, Jibril was the only one that had managed to kill a Phantasma
alone.
Azrael smiled while recalling their past – that smile had nothing
sinister to it, nor was it fake.
“The final unit had had such amazing results in combat merely throughout
two hundred and forty-five campaigns, and survived…how could I possibly
forget?”
…That was in the distant past, where all their cherished memories
were – when they still had a future.
Seeing Azrael talking about their past with a pure smile on her face, Jibril
tipped her head slightly and asked:
“…So, do you remember how many times I got injured so badly that I
needed emergency spell repair?”
“A hundred and forty-six times, nyan.” Her reply was
instant.
Jibril had always returned from the brink of death, which worried her
to no end.
“…And all those were caused by your solo campaigns-nyan…”
- The Gigants, Dragonias and Phantasma – she had killed one of each.
Jibril had killed three members of high-ranking species alone.
Although the times she had failed to do so were twenty-nine times more
than that.
And what that signified – why couldn’t she just understand, Jibril
clenched her jaw.
“So – do you know why I insisted on campaigning solo all the time?”
- That was the final hint, and Jibril’s tone carried a strong indication to
this.
Amongst her determined tone, there were slight dashes of fear of betrayal
and anticipation.
However… Azrael could only shake her head.
“…To be honest, I’ve never understood Jii-chan’s actions, and speaking of
which –“
“Yes, speaking of which they were unconquerable enemies.”
- Yes, they were all high-ranking beings that they could never hope to
conquer alone.
Because when the Flügel were created, they were never given that ability.
- This was the last chance, if she still couldn’t understand – “That’s why – I
wanted to break that mind-set.”
--….
“…I don’t understand, nyan, why is that so-nyan? What did Jii-chan see in
those two-nyan?”
“…”
Jibril was speechless.
- It was as though she was saying she had given up all her anticipation.
- If she could understand it, it was impossible that others couldn’t – that
thought slowly crumbled.
And her heart bled for Azrael, harder than she could bear, and
–
“…Jii-chan, Jii-chan is special-nyan…”
“…?”
“Jii-chan doesn’t know it, but Artosh-sama gave Jii-chan a 「Special
Ability」, so what Jii-chan understands, everyone else might not-nyan.”
“…”
Jibril remained silent, while Azrael spoke as though a confession:
“I want to know the 「Answer」 as well, I don’t want everything to end like
this!! If that happens, what would these six thousand years have been to us!?
But I just don’t understand – I’m at my limit, I just can’t lie to myself any
more-nyan!!”
- The first unit, Azrael.
Being the first Flügel to have been created, she was created by Artosh in
search of 「Perfection」.
She didn’t possess the ability to cry, but maybe because they were the only
two there…
Azrael cried out in an almost pleading fashion, and her first truly truthful
words carried an almost moist undertone to them.
- Someone please tell me.
- What are we living for?
- Why do we survive?
- What are we searching for?
- What do we have to find to prove that we have truly lived – please tell me.
Jibril looked at her speechlessly.
- However she intentionally spoke in an icily cold tone, as if pushing her
away heartlessly.
- Just like that, she spoke words that her Masters would probably use.
“…That’s how you’re making use of me – making use of your limits as an
excuse.”
“-------!!”
“No matter you or me, the ones that survived are all losers, and we have
lived as losers for six thousand years.”
Azrael bent her head low, and her fists were clenched tight.
“We didn’t learn anything the entire time, and it’s not because we’re special –
it was because of your laziness.”
Jibril clenched her fists as well.
…She suddenly recalled, although she had been in multiple near-death
situations before, she had never felt more tense.
She told herself, get your fake expression right, don’t tremble your voice,
and don’t shift your gaze.
She forcefully tied down the Spirits that made up her body, and manipulated
them.
- Could she do it? That uneasy thought flashed past her mind, but she shook
her head in denial.
It wasn’t a matter of whether or not she could do it, but she had to do it – that
was what she had learned.
She absorbed what she had learnt from her Masters, then acted upon what
she had learnt from them.
- Jibril wasn’t used to it.
She decided to make a gamble – and that was…
(Masters, I will follow you to the very bitter end, so please forgive Jibril’s
incompetence.)
She thought to herself, and with her final silver of anticipation
– she…
(So please allow me to continue believing in what the Masters have all this
time.)
Jibril imitated the most – underestimating expression she could muster.
“For this 「Cowardly, utterly weak」 you, I have only disgust from the
bottom of my heart – Azrael (trash).”
Throughout her six thousand, four hundred and seventh years of her life, it
was the first time – she told a lie.
…
…Suddenly…
Azrael’s face suddenly became devoid of all expression, and she spoke
weakly, almost exhaustedly.
“…Forget it-nyan.”
In an instant – the skies and the earth began to shake.
Chapter 3: Learn
Part 1
(…I was wrong.)
How could she not have expected this – she had went out to get groceries to
prepare sashimi as they had promised, and as Steph brought Izuna to town,
she felt extreme guilt at her carelessness.
Fear, hateful gazes, scornful insults – those negative feelings rained down
on Izuna who was walking alongside Steph.
She couldn’t possibly not have noticed them with her Werebeast
senses.
(Although we are a 「Federation」, it really isn’t all that easy to accept
different races, but still…)
She had a very clear image of it in her mind.
It was true that Izuna – the Werebeasts were conquerors and tyrants to
the Elkians.
However that was only because of the 「Ten Pledges」.
The troubles and suffering of the Imanity all stemmed from the fact that they
had lost in a game.
If it was hatred towards an end result that both parties had agreed with,
it meant they were just being sore losers –
“Why doesn’t Steph-kou hate Izuna, des?” “Huh -?”
“…Izuna was the one that took away your continent, des; so it should be
perfectly logical for you to hate me, des; but Izuna caused your grandfather
to be called a foolish king as well, des; so why don’t you hate me, des?”
Izuna looked up at Steph and asked, and Steph’s hand in hers momentarily
froze.
How could she be so rude – Steph felt angered at her own insensitivity.
Izuna was too smart.
She had faced off against Sora and Shiro, with the continent – the fates of
the Imanity and the Werebeasts on her back, with such responsibilities on
her.
- She couldn’t possibly have read nothing about it in the late king’s library.
The effects her actions could have on the Imanity, and how she would be
treated after that, she had already predicted and come to terms with those,
and the only one who didn’t realize it –
(It’s just me again…)
Looking back, since Steph had woken up – which meant right after Izuna
had learnt the Imanity language, she had covered Steph with a coat as she
slept, which was a rather large change in her attitude.
Why didn’t she realize why her attitude had changed – Steph got angry at
herself once again, although she shook her head upon looking at the young
girl’s uneasy gaze.
Since she was asked a question – she had the obligation to answer.
Walking on the streets like this, facing all those hateful gazes like this.
Izuna might begin to wonder whether Steph might hate her as well – she
needed to sweep away those unimaginable thoughts from her head.
(Yes…that’s right, normally speaking…)
If they were angry at the nobles that had belittled Steph’s beloved
grandfather, must they hate those that had been the cause of it, the Eastern
Federation – Steph didn’t know. And although she didn’t know why – she
could confirm positively that it wasn’t like that.
Suddenly, the corner of Steph’s mouth curled up in a smile. “Why? I don’t
know either ♪”
“Is Steph-kou an idiot, des.”
“Heh, maybe, but – I don’t think it’s that way.” Steph said this while
looking into Izuna’s large eyes.
- She was a young black-haired girl with stunningly obvious ears and a tail
that was even younger than Shiro.
She had faced off at an almost equal standard against 『 』, with the orders
of the third largest nation in the world on her back – she had unlimited
potential.
She was smart, diligent, pure and obedient, and she had a stunning
amount of maturity and intelligence as well.
Steph smiled cheerfully at that girl, and smiled even wider. “Because
Izuna is a good kid, and you’re cute as well.”
Steph spoke her mind, thinking that was the simplest way to express her
feelings.
Izuna widened her eyes in shock, after which her hair stood on end and she
averted her gaze expressionlessly.
She bent her head low, not allowing Steph to see her face and spoke weakly:
“Steph-kou’s such an idiot, des.”
- Even though she said this, she clutched Steph’s hand somewhat
tighter.
Steph smiled somewhat bitterly at Izuna’s easily readable attitude, and just
as she was about to step forward once more –
“Ah~ it’s Izuna!”
The two turned around at the sound of that loud roar.
Multiple figures cut through the crowd, and rushed in their direction –
those were young kids.
“W-what -!?”
As Steph was frozen momentarily in shock, the kids surrounded
them.
After which they began cheering loudly.
“It’s Izuna! How awesome! It’s her in person!”
“Hey, Izuna, let’s have a showdown! You’re really strong right?”
“You idiots, you stupid idiots, you need adults to come along, you bald
monkey!”
“Who are you people…des?”
Izuna asked confusedly as she was being overwhelmed by the crowd of
children.
As Steph was considering how to stop those kids – all of a sudden, she
noticed an animal ear and a tail in the crowd – Werebeasts were amongst
them, and she hurriedly asked:
“What are you all doing?” “We’re playing!
Together!”
One of the kids – a young girl with a pair of fox-like ears replied as
though she was just learning to speak.
“Are you…friends? With the Werebeast kids as well?” “Of course!”
Steph asked immediately in confusion, while the fox-eared girl asked
confusedly with her head slightly tilted as well.
And the Imanity boy beside her said happily: “- We became
friends through playing games!” Upon hearing this simple yet
pure sentence… Steph felt inexplicably emotional.
In that time, the kids surrounding Izuna were still blabbering on.
“Let’s have a showdown, I definitely~ won’t lose to you!”
“…I’m hungry, des. We’re going to buy fish, des. I’m very busy, des.”
Izuna looked impatiently at the young boy that was grabbing on her clothes
and was demanding her to play a game with him and said –
“…I’ll destroy you painfully next time, des.” Izuna’s mouth
curled up in a smile.
That especially obnoxious boy punched his fist into the air and cheered upon
hearing that.
“That’s great! So it’s a promise! Izuna! You better follow it!”
“I already said we need adults as well, you bunch of idiots! – Izuna-sama, I
apologize.”
Just like that, the bunch of kids disappeared just as swiftly as they had
come.
Even after all the commotion had subsided, the raging emotions within
Steph had not, and remained like ashes of a hearth fire.
“Heh…the answer turned out to be just like that…”
…The atmosphere around them had turned into that of confusion
without them realizing it.
It may be too early…
But in the near future, when those kids turned into adults… the fact that the
races used to hate each other would probably be treated as a joke.
Steph smiled with those hopes residing within her.
“It’s not very often that we get to play games – I’m sure it’ll be more fun that
way.”
“…Steph-kou, you aren’t an idiot after all, des. You’re probably pretty
smart, des.”
Steph appeared as if she had just seen a god after hearing those words.
“Ah, Izuna! You’re the only one that doesn’t call me an idiot!!”
“…But you act like one, des.”
Izuna smiled a bitter smile as Steph hugged her tearfully.
- The world would change, was changing, and would continue to change.
If it didn’t feel like it was changing – that would mean – you’re just not paying
attention –
Part 2
The world around them had changed completely. “Waaaaaahhh,
what is this!?”
Sora and others that were flying about in the night sky yelled as they
plummeted from the impact of the explosion and the strong winds.
But compared to that – the one that was screaming the loudest among them
at that turn of events was Plum.
“W -what is going on!? This Spirit power – it’s impossible even for the
Flügel!?”
The burst of energy was so strong that even Plum could feel it behind the
guise of her scarf, and she shivered in fear.
If it was someone who could use magic, he would feel abnormal upon seeing
that – this force that shook the earth, this force that was from another
dimension entirely, bent the world to its desires with its power, switching
about the scenery forcefully – no, it repainted it entirely.
“Ah~ Plum, is the situation that bad?”
They didn’t restrict 「Changing the stage」…Sora asked with that in mind,
while Plum replied with a panicked moan:
“It’s not just bad -!! T-this power is from an Old Dei, if not –“
As Plum was halfway through her sentence – she suddenly stopped as
she remembered where they were flying over.
- The Phantasma that were ranked second among the 「Sixteen Races」-
Avant Heim…
“…I don’t understand, we can’t comprehend it.” - Azrael was
floating in thin air.
On her face was no longer that angelic, perfect – overly perfect smile.
It didn’t even have that sensation of「Impending death」one would
experience when being stared at by a Flügel…no…
Sora felt a trickle of cold sweat run down his body, and he smiled bitterly, for
he was facing an overly powerful force – he couldn’t even feel anything.
A power beyond comprehension and imagination, a power that made Sora
and Shiro’s skin riddle with goosebumps.
The existence that had Azrael’s appearance – spoke slowly:
“「Final Unit」- we cannot understand what kind of ideals you all
possess.”
She then spoke in a hollow, emotionless voice:
“- Thus, we bequest of you to tell us the answer directly.”
「The existence」 declared to them as the scenery finally settled down.
Sora and Shiro were speechless at this turn of events.
The broken skies were dyed blood-red, the swirling sands had reached even
the stratosphere, and the cracked soil stretched across the horizon.
The skies and earth were all cracked, the seas were dry – everywhere
was full of death.
Countless splinters of rocks floated around them – those were the remains
of the earth.
The Flügel that had participated in the game, and the countless battleships
that emitted a menacing aura all appeared like a weirdly shaped fleet of
airships –
“W-what exactly is this?”
Sora asked as he recovered from his shock, however neither Shiro nor
Plum were able to answer.
The Flügel that were still flying about in the air – they had pained
expressions on their faces, seemingly familiar with this emotionally scarring
scene unfolding before them.
- Six thousand years ago – which was the final stages of the 「Great War」.
The Old Deus that had created the Flügel collected the combined energy
of the 「Airstrikes」 of the Flügel, and unleashed a single blow.
And that blow that crushed the earth, split the skies and even destroyed
planets and stars –it was a truly 「Divine Strike」.
They were standing in the very aftermath of that strike, and Azrael spoke
with the apocalypse behind her:
“- Previously we fought, and we lost.”
And behind that apocalyptic world – a huge piece of sinister-looking land
appeared.
Could it be that this was – Avant Heim’s appearance before the 「Great
War」.
That slab of land looked just like a floating whale – and this flying fortress
was not made of cubes, instead it was riddled with countless cannons and it
had a pair of blue eyes that were filled with killing intent.
“- Our Master released his most powerful strike – however it was
「Reflected back at him」, and we were completely annihilated, which was
how our Master died.”
- What had changed Jibril?
“Why did we lose? Why did we lose our Master? Why did we survive? Why –“
- What had allowed her to discover the reason why they were living?
Plum frantically attempted to keep herself conscious when faced with
this violent interrogation –
“Why did we survive, as empty weapons of a dead Master? Answer me –“
“”- 「野砲 (ヤホウ yahou) 」-“” [1] A bolt of light pierced
through Azrael’s chest.
In an instant, a glow of light lit up the evening, and the immense
explosion that came slightly after made even the atmosphere tremble.
“…Huh?”
Plum croaked dumbly, and the reply –
“You! Talk! Too! Much! Dialogues must be kept within forty words, or else
you have to include a setting to skip the text!”
“…Don’t underestimate…the impatience of...an STG player…” [2]
Sora and Shiro blurted impatiently –
When exactly had they landed on the ground and combined their 「Word
Spirits」- the two were clutching onto a metal tube.
Plum didn’t know…no, more correctly speaking she wasn’t looking at
them.
The two had used three characters to materialize a five-millimetre Howitzer
which spat fire and released a bullet which travelled at a speed even greater
than the speed of sound, piercing through Azrael, after which the fifteen
pounds of Composition B explosives contained within it blew her body to bits
with an explosion that propelled the pieces at eight
thousand miles per second, which then turned into smoke and scattered –
[3]
“- Huh~~ WHAT ARE YOU DOINGGGGG!?”
Plum cried out as she realized what had just happened, while the two
glared at her and replied: “Skipping dialogue.”
“…That guy looks like a prick…disgusting…” “D-d-do you know
who that was? That’s –“
“Of course, that was Azrael – and the Phantasma Avant Heim right?”
“…H-huh?”
Sora sighed impatiently, shook his head and continued:
“Azrael is different from the rest of the Flügel, she has horns, so I’m guessing
that’s why – essentially speaking she is the full representative of the
Phantasma Avant Heim as well, although I don’t quite know the full details.”
“…Which means…Azrael is the same as…a Phantasma…”
The two had figured out the situation completely unlike Plum, and spoke in
a rather bored fashion:
“…Jibril said it earlier, the Phantasma Avant Heim is an entirely different
world.”
Sora recalled her explanation she made as they arrived, and continued:
“Changing the scenery means changing the entire world, but if it’s an
independent world of its own, I don’t think it can affect the outside world
entirely. Which means – it changed its own world (within Avant Heim), but
when that happened she who should have been 「On top of」 Avant Heim
appeared in front of us – which is to say, that was an illusion.”
- The fact that they were able to deal damage to her proved that she was an
illusion, as if she was the real thing the 「Ten Pledges」would prevent them
from touching her.
“…Alright…Plum…here’s the question…”
Why do they look so happy? Plum didn’t seem to understand. Sora and
Shiro were truly overjoyed, while Sora continued:
“The stage just changed drastically, a scene that looks like some sort of
fortress for a final weapon appeared in front of us, and we just listened
through some long final boss-like speech – and among the 「Hour」
allocated for the game there is only -?”
“…Nine minutes and forty-four seconds left.”
“What could this possibly mean? You may now answer!”
- Plum didn’t have the knowledge Sora and Shiro possessed from their
world, so this was a rather demanding question for her.
But – as she saw the approaching thing.
Plum with an expression of despair on her face, by chance – spoke the
「Correct answer」.
“…Does it mean it’s The End?” “Huh? I’d never thought
you’d guess it.”
The huge, violent 「Binding Curtain」 fired at Avant Heim…
Sora and Shiro clutched each other’s hands and said with a smile:
“Basically it’s the 「Final Stage」- the ending’s near!” “…Climactic
scene…great performance…♪”
The two stamped on the ground, flapped their wings, left the huge burst of
noise generated from their 「Acceleration」 behind them, then smiled as
they flew towards the curtain of binding lights.
“HOW CAN YOU STILL BE LAUGHING IN A
SITUATION LIKE THISSSSSSS!!”
They sped forward at extreme speeds towards the curtain of light that
spread across Avant Heim.
- Their numbers were large, but the lights didn’t have the tracking ability
that the 「Binding Light」 fired by the rest of the Flügel had, so it was a
curtain that merely relied on its numbers and speed to crush its opponents –
the two smiled bitterly.
“Shiro, have you figured out the pattern of the curtain?” “…Almost
there…Nii?”
“You know it right? I’m the kind that - 「Dodges by pure passion」!”
Sora flapped his wing once more, while Shiro flapped according to
his beat without faltering.
They were like aerial dancers, weaving through the countless approaching
rays of light while whistling a tune, proceeding naturally –
“Compared to Touhou this really makes me wanna yawn, can we really rely
on Jibril?” [4]
“…If this is what the final boss is like…we won’t…the Flügel…are harder
to deal with.”
They nimbly dodged the curtains of light with actions Plum couldn’t
comprehend.
Sora and Shiro could even look down at their hands to make sure as they
dodged the lights.
“…Total of 「Forty-six characters」.” “…We’ve collected 「Forty
characters」…” “We’ve used 「Twenty-two」?”
The characters floating on Sora’s wrist were - タ（ta）•シ
（si）•テ（te）•キ（ki）•ル（ru）•エ（e）•イ（i）•ツ
（tsu）•へ（he）-
The characters floating on Shiro’s wrist were - レ（re）•ヨ
（yo）•セ（se）•二（ni）•フ（fu）•ノ（no）•ン（n）•
リ（ri）•コ（ko） -
They were stocked up well enough, but Sora said instead:
“Hmm~ ハ（ha）、コ（ko）、ミ（mi）、ヲ（wo）、チ
（chi）、ヒ（hi）…we haven’t got these six ones.”
“…But we have…the trump.”
Shiro indicated that was more than enough.
“- I’ve said it before, I’ve figured out the 「Word Spirit」 I’m going to use on
her, so I’m short of three.”
“…Under these circumstances…collecting characters is…impossible…”
The fact that they could dodge and weave about the rain of light was
already beyond Plum’s comprehension.
But if they were to deal with the Flügel under these circumstances, it
would probably be too impossible for even them.
“…We can’t go on like this, Shiro, I’m sorry, but we’ll have to use the trump.”
“…Nii, how many characters will you need?” “Fourteen.”
Shiro widened her eyes, which was a rare sight, and she examined her
brother’s face closely as though to read his intentions.
“Fourteen, that’s the least amount of letters we need, however we lack three
of them.”
However on Sora’s face – was an expression of pure seriousness.
- A 「Word Spirit」 that needed fourteen characters?
The 「Trump」 that Shiro mentioned – it was probably a 「Word
Spirit」 that could tide them through any disaster.
Although it could only be used once – it really should be used as a last
resort. However –
“…Mm, I understand…”
Since her brother said he 「Needed」 it, it meant that 「They needed it no
matter the risk」, so Shiro nodded her head in agreement.
Since she herself had no way to decipher her brother’s true intentions,
which meant her brother was correct – that was all there was to it - !
- Sora’s left hand and Shiro’s right hand, the two intertwined hands – four
characters slid and fell off those hands.
After which – Sora arranged them and formed a 「Word Spirit」.
He raised his hand high, and –
“-「切断 (セツダン setsudan) 」- !!” (TL note: Cut, split open)
He violently swung his arm horizontally – and in an instant…
The infinite curtains of light that were hovering over Avant Heim’s airspace
were suddenly cut in half as if by an invisible sword.
- Making imagination reality was a rule of this game, which was the
「Word Spirits」.
「Barrier」 and 「Cut」 were two words that could easily be made reality
as long as they were spelled out.
An omnipotent word that could attack, defend, and even both, one that
could deal with all possible situations – that was their trump.
Also the importance and usefulness of the letter 「ン (n) 」 in word games
like these was common knowledge.
The consequences brought about by them being forced to use that
omnipotent 「Word Spirit」- according to Sora’s plans –
- Everything before him was just like a bad joke - 「Split into half」.
Space, scenery, everything including Avant Heim itself was sliced into half
– even the cannons.
- After that? Just as Plum was about to ask, Sora and Shiro – decelerated.
“- Huh!?”
Plum cried out in surprise, as amongst the crumbling landscape and the
interrupted curtains, the Flügel were approaching.
“…Nii…coming.”
“…Eighteen – more than I thought, how many of them have characters on
them?”
“…Six…all present…but…”
- The real question was how would they collect all of them?
Since they had used cut earlier, they had only 「Fourteen characters」 left;
and according to what Sora had said, the last 「Fourteen」had already been
reserved.
He had also said, among the 「Six」 they had not collected, 「Three」
were important.
Even if they did collect them all, they could only use three more, and now
all they could use on them were「Three」.
“- Alright, this is our final bet, let’s go, Shiro!”
As they said this, the two did a backflip and landed in a parrying stance
– facing the oncoming Flügel –
They were just about to flap their wings, but – “- H-huh?”
Plum cried in surprise, no, Sora and Shiro felt the same way as well.
Because the oncoming Flügel, just before Sora and Shiro – they stopped.
One of their numbers bowed respectfully towards them just as Jibril had
when they had defeated her.
“The two of you need this one right?”
…As she said this, her palm was cupping the 「ハ (ha) 」 inscribed on
her chest.
As though in imitation, five more that had characters on them revealed
them as well.
Sora and Shiro felt confused as they didn’t understand their intentions,
while the Flügel simply smiled and said:
“Because we’ve already had a lot of fun spectating –“
“To be honest it’s really disappointing that we won’t get the handshake,
signature, date and sleepover vouchers though~!”
“But since we’ve got the chance to play games with you both, we’re all
content ♪”
“- So, please.”
They heard the last one say –
“We’ll leave Azrael-neesan to you, in the near future – our future Masters.”
- Finally…
Sora and Shiro understood the trap Jibril had laid within the game.
Both of them stretched out their hands towards the characters while
repressing the urge to laugh out loud.
“…Hahah, Jibril’s got a few tricks up her sleeve now!” “…Jibril…omega
good job…♪”
Sora and Shiro said teasingly, and touched the final six characters.
“…U-um, what’s going on here?”
Plum asked, being the only one not understanding the situation, while the
Flügel laughed and replied.
“Did you forget, little bug, that we’re –“
“We are the Flügel, and although we are under the command of our sister
Azrael.”
“But more than that we are huge fans of Sora-sama and Shiro-sama!”
They were all smiles – beating Plum down mercilessly with their words.
Sora and Shiro smiled bitterly as they sent them off, and once again –
flapped their wings and accelerated.
They flew towards the split open Avant Heim – towards the place where
Azrael was.
Part 3
“…It appears others have understood as well…now are you still going to
call me special?”
Jibril said with a bitter smile.
Azrael remained emotionless, although underneath that mask was torment
and bitterness.
- What was that? What just happened? I don’t understand at all.
Azrael continued to ponder the scene that had just occurred in front of her.
Amongst the slowly crumbling Avant Heim, the two were gracefully
dodging the debris.
They were heading directly straight – at them, as though they knew her
exact position!
No, they did know! They had used a cannon to dispel her illusion, then crossreferenced
the 「Original landscape」 with this broken and crumbling land,
then deduced her and Jibril’s original positions, assuming they didn’t move –
no, they were sure of it!
- A bitter memory flashed through Azrael’s mind upon realizing that.
Artosh was killed in the same fashion back then.
All his defenses were overcome, all his actions were saw through, all his
barricades and obstacles were slipped past by the enemy, and in the end –
her Master was murdered.
Why did we lose? Why did we survive! Why are we still alive!?
……….
“WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH H!!”
“Plum! You’re being too noisy!!”
As Avant Heim slowly crumbled around them, they weaved about the
countless debris faster than the speed of sound.
If they were to miscalculate even the slightest, they would die – under those
circumstances, the two flew at breakneck speeds, causing Plum to cry out.
“AAAAAH-ARE YOU TWO CRAZY-AAHHHHHHHHH!!”
“I’M TIRED OF HEARING THAT LINE! SHIRO!!”
The scenery in front of them crumbled, countless cubes fell, tunnels were
blocked, and turning around was impossible – at this rate they would crash.
“WAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH!”
Plum cried out once again, while Shiro calmly assembled a 「Word
Spirit」 beside her.
“-「ミニ (mini) 」…” Eighteen characters
remained.
The 「Word Spirit」 activated as it came into contact with one of the cubes
in front of them.
One of the cubes shrunk, creating a small gap, but the crack was just too
small for two to fit through –
Sora who was assembling a 「Word Spirit」 at the same time, immediately
pointed at the hole and yelled:
“-「ヘル (heru) 」!!” [5] - Sixteen characters
left.
The two continued soaring after passing through that gap as small as a
pinhole.
As Plum was beginning to be astonished by their astounding adaptability,
Sora suddenly said:
“Plum, could you stick out your teeth for a sec?” “No! I have a bad
feeling about this, so no!!”
“Really? How disappointing – I wanted to give you some blood –“
“Sorry, I was wrong! I will place my teeth on Sora-sama’s shoulder, you’ll
be able to tell from the sensation!!”
“-「血 (チ chi) 」” [6]
- Fifteen characters left.
The blood flowed out from his uncut fingertips, dripping onto Plum’s teeth.
Plum managed to absorb blood without even biting with her lips.
“Oh, what is this stuff!? This thick, rich, sweet yet bitter texture and a smooth,
refreshing tone, the bewitching sensation of a soul is flowing through my
body! If a comparison needs to be made, it’s like a turtle shedding tears after
giving birth under a moonlight night ♥”
- Sora smiled bitterly as Plum began yelling out some rather
incomprehensible food review.
“Are you energized yet?”
“Of course~! My strength is coursing through me! Now I feel like I can do
anything!”
Plum – no, huge amounts of flowers began blooming on the scarf, and
floated about in the air.
Sora and Shiro smiled evilly at her cries of joy. “Isn’t that great,
so –“
“…You can do…anything right…”
“- Yeah…that’s what I thought as well…”
Part 4
Six thousand years ago – Artosh was being conquered.
The Flügel were desperate at this unbelievable yet inarguably true turn of
events.
They were god-killers created by Artosh – a sword to eliminate other races.
They would give the throne of the One True God to Artosh – a sword for this
very purpose.
But as they saw their Master murdered in front of them, his lifeless body
with no purpose of existence, the one and only sword lost its meaning to
live.
They were a sword that was always swung by the command of others, so
they never needed to make any decisions, although then – questions
surfaced.
The race created by Artosh and its acolytes had come up with a conclusion in
their desperation – which was to stop thinking.
She did not know who started it, but she had concentrated all her strength
– and pierced through her own body.
They were a tool created to fight for the throne of the One True God, and
since their Master whom they would give it to was gone, the tool had no
reason to exist.
As she saw her sisters piercing themselves through one by one, Azrael – the
first unit, in pure desperation, told a lie.
No, to be precise, it wasn’t a lie.
It was just that as she witnessed her sisters piercing themselves through and
losing the lights in their eyes, she couldn’t bear to tell them.
- The orders of the Master were not yet completed.
It was impossible, but if, just if, he were to fall in combat – you must replace
me and find out why I, the god of war, fell to an unknown power – that was
the final order of the Master.
- It was a command given to Azrael alone – an order.
However she lied and said it was an order for all Flügel, after which she
continued:
- After we attain this goal, the final order of the Master would be complete.
- So when that time comes please let me decide whether or not we are still
of use.
…It was a lie of convenience.
And despite this – the Flügel began pursuing the 「Unknown」
that had defeated their Master.
At the same time as the war ended, they had gathered all their knowledge,
as though they were going to transform all the unknowns in the world to
their knowledge.
And as time passed, after six thousand years – they still had not found the
answer.
Azrael had thought that if there was one person that would be able to find
the answer, it would be Jibril.
Those were the Master’s final words, the Final Unit is a special Unit.
But…
- I’m already…tired-nyan…
Part 5
Sora and Shiro reached the main hall where Azrael may have been.
…It was very dark, so Sora assembled and activated a 「Word Spirit」.
“-「ヒ (hi) 」!” [7]
- Fourteen characters left, just nice.
Now they just had to use up the final fourteen, and they could finish the
level with all forty-six perfectly used.
“But, we can’t use any more 「Word Spirits」 until then… sorry, Shiro.”
“…As long as it’s Nii…if your judgement deems it…Shiro believes it.”
Along with this line that made the brother unbelievably blissful - 「Light」
lit up the floor.
“- We searched for six thousand years, but we were still unable to find
the 「Answer」.”
There was an empty throne in the lit floor. Azrael stood in
front of it, and –
“Who is ‘we’ referring to? Aside from you, it seems that a lot of people have
understood already!”
Sora said while looking over at Jibril who was sitting next to her with her
eyes closed.
“Searching for a non-existent 「Answer」, I’ m already tired of floating
around without a purpose in this boring world.”
That was Azrael – and the Phantasma Avant Heim located within her.
The two – no, a puppet and an illusion’s confession.
“- If the 「Answer」 of the 「Final Unit」 is the same as our lies.”
After a short pause, she looked at Sora and Shiro with a gaze of despair
deeper than a crater and said:
“We will consider the cause for the Master’s death to be 「Simple
coincidence」- and end the entire Flügel race.”
“That would be a problem.” “…Jibril
is…our…comrade.”
The two replied nonchalantly in a relaxed manner, intentionally avoiding the
subject while Sora slipped into thought.
“I see, so you guys crammed huge amounts of knowledge into your brains
just for your so-called 「Answer」, I understand that part. To be honest, I
don’t understand the meaning and emotional drive behind that, but could
you just let me ask one question?”
After which, in the exact same manner as he had rejected Azrael
originally.
- He looked at her with eyes that clearly revealed he was truly bored with
the subject matter, and said:
“…Have you ever relied on yourself to think and write anything -?”
“- !?”
Azrael widened her eyes, and beside her Jibril bent her head low. Jibril was
holding onto a book that she treated as a bible, a book that garnered fans
even in Avant Heim.
It was a hand-written – observational diary of Sora and Shiro – detailing the
story of an incomplete future…
“But, I see now. If Shiro and I win, you will help to collect books for us, and
if we lose we have to do an autograph session, but you’ve actually made
other wagers beyond our knowledge other than this one. Jibril actually bet
her life without discussing it through with us, so we’ll have to punish her
later, but –“
- Sora grabbed Shiro’s arm tightly and spread his wing.
“Do you really not know why Jibril would agree to a bet like that?”
“- Because she believes that you can reveal an 「Answer」 we will be
agreeable with –“
“Look, you idiot! You’re really a huge idiot!! You even dare to call yourself a
sister!?”
Sora yelled – his face filled with 「Pure rage」, and Sora – yelled again:
“- It’s because she believes in you! She put her life on the line because she
trusts that you, as a sister, would be able to understand!!”
…
……
Sora and Shiro focused their strength on their legs – assembling
the final 「Word Spirit」.
“You can’t even understand something as simple as this, and you dare to ask
her to call yourself her sister!?”
“…It’s just too hilarious…sleep-talk should be said when
sleeping…and…!”
At the same time – the two kicked the ground and jumped. - So fast.
It was a jump boosted by the acceleration 「Word Spirit」, and the two
approached at an astonishing speed.
However Azrael had the power of a Phantasma within her, and to her – their
movements were as slow as a snail.
“…I see, Jii-chan believed in me so much that she even bet her life…”
She realized that she had failed to understand something as simple as
that, and she wasn’t even able to deduce her intentions – so…
“- Yes, just end everything…”
Azrael said this as she kicked the ground and lifted off as well.
Within the hall where the ceiling was barely a few hundred feet high, the two
would clash in but an instant as they were traveling at supersonic speeds.
- The ending was predetermined, Azrael would stretch out her hand and
grab them, and everything would be over.
She really couldn’t find the answer in the end, but someone found it – so –
that’s enough.
Just end in like this – this six thousand – meaningless years –
“AAAAAAHHHH I’M SORRY I’M SORRY PLEASE DON’T KILL ME~~!”
…
“- What?”
Azrael bent her head down, and a loud cry echoed throughout the room as
she grabbed onto her target.
She should have caught Sora and Shiro, but the one that was yelling was –
that, um, what was her name again?
…Huh? Had she ever asked for her name in the first place?
- It was some Dhampir girl she didn’t know.
- It was a 「Deception Spell」- she understood this just a little bit too late.
The deceiving magic of the Dhampirs – it was a race -exclusive magic that
could fool even the Elves or the Flügel at its maximum ability.
If it was just after absorbing a powerful Spirit – blood – maybe it might even
fool an Old Deus?
But if so, Sora and Shiro’s wings were – where did they go after they
accelerated -!?
- Azrael’s mind began racing.
She felt a presence swooping by her at a terrifying speed, and in an instant
it was almost as if time had stopped.
Everything became slow-motion, and Azrael saw it.
Without Plum – without the scarf – the Imanity without their wings –
As they met briefly, Sora’s fist landed upon Azrael’s shoulder.
“- 「縛りプレエデこの世を生きろ」-“ [8]
- Zero characters left.
Azrael widened her eyes in shock, but what she was surprised at wasn’t the
「Word Spirit」 she was hit by.
It was – the two who were flying at high speeds – managed to remove their
wings and allow Plum to disguise herself!?
“「No restrictions on magic usage」- right?”
After that brief exchange, Azrael heard a voice that should have been
impossible for her to hear – as she turned around she confirmed that it was
indeed Sora who said it.
But – at that sort of speeds, if a human body were to lose its wings – and
hit the ground, they would definitely die –
A sentence that utterly stunned Azrael and yet answered all of her doubts
rang in her ears.
“- Approximately sixty minutes…game…over.” - Without any
clocks nor other tools.
Just as Shiro recited the numbers that existed only in her mind
–
Jibril teleported, and gracefully…respectfully caught her two Masters.
That turn of events made Azrael feel extremely distant, while the 「Word
Spirit」 previously placed on her activated.
「Forever burdened」. Within Azrael, even Avant Heim’s strength was
sealed as well.
As the colossal amount of energy that could rewrite worlds was released, the
hall and even the landscape began shattering like glass.
Freefalling under such circumstances, Azrael’s eyes remained wide in
shock.
She didn’t need to think hard to remember – no doubt, this feeling was the
same as when Artosh – her Master was conquered – a true sensation of
「Fear」.
…She didn’t understand.
There were too, too, too many things that she just couldn’t understand.
Scary, how scary, how much do they actually know, they actually could
make such a dangerous bet.
No matter how much I gather knowledge, make battle plans, how much I
prepare, in the very bitter end it’s still an unknown
–
Within the darkness of all these variable elements, how could they – how
could they possibly step on a silk wire like this without hesitation?
She had seen so many extraordinary things in quick succession.
The freefalling, continuously descending Azrael lost consciousness
–
Part 6
In her dream, Azrael saw her Master Artosh’s memories.
The everlasting chaos would only bring strength to the 「God of War」
Artosh.
The Old Deus that fed on battle hunger, hostility, hatred and blood – the
God of War Artosh.
And now he and the splinters of his eighteen wings – the feathers (the
Flügel) and his follower the Phantasma (Avant Heim), with such a small
army, one god, one Phantasma, and one race – waged war on the entire
world, and had achieved a crushing victory.
The throne of the One True God was in Artosh-sama’s grasp…it was
unquestionable.
A Master like that, had only ever mentioned the possibility of defeat once.
“There’s a chance I might be defeated.”
- You’re joking. “I’m very strong.”
- Of course.
“Nobody’s strength is greater than mine.” - Of course.
“That’s why there’s something I just can’t understand.”
Something you can’t understand?
“I can’t understand it, because only the weak are able to. It’s the unknown
possibility that I may lose to one stronger than I.”
- ……
“That’s why I wanted to create – a unit that has the 「Imperfection」
one strong as I am does not possess.”
- Imperfection?
“The imperfect unit will use its full power – whether or not it can exert its
power and overcome adversities, I won’t understand it.”
- ……
“But no matter whether I win or lose – in the end they will all be
「Causes」.”
“The first feather of my eighteen wings, first unit Azrael.” …Yes.
“When I fall in combat, please be my witness as the loser, and mourn for me.”
- Azrael doesn’t know what Master saw.
But at the same time as he hinted at the possibility of defeat, the Master
wasn’t scared, instead he had appeared like a true God of War –
Anticipating the appearance of an unknown enemy – and despite this he
strived to overcome this unknown –
A smile of simple courage yet of true happiness.
“So, let’s now create this special unit…her name shall be –“ Just like that, the
Master Artosh…
He finally produced his last work – the 「Special Unit」 who became the
「Final Unit」- the imperfect unit.
In the end, it was also the unit that was able to witness the answer at the end
of the horizon where even the Master could not.
The Master called out her name. - Jibril.
Part 7
“…Senpai, are you finally awake?”
- My body is so heavy, that was Azrael’s first thought as she awoke.
My wings can’t move, and I just can’t seem to be able to use force – no!
She realized that she had never known how it felt to use the strength of
her own body.
How does my body move? Isn’t it just like teleporting?
The so -called earth – is this how it limits the presence of my being?
Raising her head that felt heavy as a rock, Azrael looked down at her own
shadow.
And looking down at her was Jibril – and the two Imanity Sora and Shiro.
The lowest ranked among the 「Sixteen Races」, the weakest species
looked down at her and said.
“You attempted to play a game with the status of 「I’m the strongest」, then
you decided it was a crappy game just after a single loss, now that’s just
ridiculous.”
Shiro smiled as well as she heard Sora’s words – however Azrael
couldn’t understand what they meant –
“Now you’re going to replay the game with the status of 「The weakest」,
and if you still think it’s a crappy game –
“
“…We’ll play with you…as many times as needed…”
She understood that the 「Word Spirit」 that used on her – limited her
abilities to that of an Imanity’s.
The very smiles of the siblings told her this – Azrael bent her head down
and smiled bitterly.
- So, she couldn’t fly, she didn’t have magic, and she wasn’t even able to
see spirits.
Distance, gravity, all these concepts that she had never experienced
were now tying her down.
She rolled to the side, focused her energy on her restricted arms and
stretched towards the sky.
- So high, the skies are so high, and the earth so wide.
The power that was acting on her body was as if an infinite wall had been
built up between her and the sky and earth.
She couldn’t even imagine what it felt like to 「Fly」 anymore.
Even if one were to tell her she could fly, she didn’t have any intention to.
And that scared her.
While the two Imanity that were restricted in the same way – laughed as they
soared through the skies, and had said they had tricked her.
“…The taste of the earth…isn’t that bad…right?”
“If you don’t crash to the ground, you’ll never have the urge to fly again.”
They had soared in the skies so freely, and yet they were able to say that
crashing once wasn’t bad.
“- Right, you can climb up after you fall down, so there’s a next time, isn’t
it?”
Sora smiled as he stretched his hand towards her – for that was what they
had done all this time.
- Finally, in Azrael’s mind, everything connected seamlessly and she
couldn’t help but smile.
Too late, she was just too late, it was but reasonable that they called her an
idiot, Azrael thought as she grabbed onto that outstretched hand.
“…Senpai’s brain is just too stubborn.”
Jibril looked at her with her eyes half open yet caring, and welcomed
Azrael as she stood up.
Artosh’s final work – the imperfect unit. She was the 「Special
Unit」, and the 「Final Unit」.
Her imperfections merely meant that – she would strive to be perfect.
Because she was imperfect, she would naturally strive for the unknown, the
future and hope.
- Azrael finally understood – the reason why Jibril insisted on campaigning
alone.
“…Jii-chan’s brain is too active-nyan…”
She had destroyed the Elves’ city and brought all those books back with all
smiles even without being ordered to.
She had conquered all the higher ranked species alone despite being told it
was impossible, and had returned near death every single time.
She had deserted the council, left her hometown, and even brought new
Masters as she returned –
It was exactly because she was imperfect – that’s why she would –
become stronger than anyone.
“…I see, so there really are things that can’t be understood just through
reading-nyan…”
The so-called understanding wasn’t just reliant on memorization
and increasing knowledge.
It was through actualization, personal experiences, it was only when it
assimilates into your very soul that one can truly understand something.
The thing that neither Artosh nor Azrael could understand - 「The
unknown」.
That was the 「Possibility」 - the characteristic that could turn the
impossible into possible.
It was exactly because they were the strong ones, exactly because they
absolutely couldn’t fail, exactly because they couldn’t lose – that they
were unable to understand this.
While –
“It’s obvious that when one becomes a loser one is no longer
perfect…however I…always feared that-nyan.”
Only Jibril had slowly understood that every single time as she neared
defeat/
- Whenever they lost, no matter the Flügel or Avant Heim, they were unable
to grasp this imperfection.
While – never once faltering in her footsteps, it was no surprise that Jibril
had left.
The Flügel – Azrael and the others could only gather knowledge.
Only Jibril freely pursued her curiosity, created knowledge, and left
behind everything she needed to know.
She was a truly strong person, yet she was always striving towards an
even greater goal – she even had respect towards the 「Unknown」.
- That could only mean one thing.
“Nyahaha, nyahahahaha…how boring, I’d never thought that it would be this
boring after I understood it.”
She looked down, and she could only laugh – which meant… “Have you
finally understood?”
“Yes, I get it now – there’s nothing particular to be understoodnyan.”
- How could she not laugh at that?
The answer that they had been searching for over six thousand years – in
the end there was 「No answer at all」-
“The unknown will definitely never be reversed into knowledge, because
our knowledge will eventually transform into the unknown, there is no end
to this as what may be common knowledge yesterday may not be common
knowledge today.”
It was because that she had never lost, so after her first loss, she was truly
able to fear – the unknown.
The more she tried to understand it, the further it shrank away from her.
“So the important thing is not to 「Memorize」, it’s to 「Learn」- and even
enjoy the risk that comes with adapting to the situation.”
Thus – the only way was to continuously strive forward –
“The reason why we lost in the Great War was because we were unable to
accomplish that. Azrael-senpai, when I lost to the Masters and kneeled in 
front of them to acknowledge my subservience, Artosh’s final order – was
completed.”
Azrael looked down and mumbled:
“…Artosh-sama…did I accomplish your final orders as well?”
- Did she not have to lie anymore?
Azrael looked up at the distant skies once again as she wiped away her
tears.
She had never realized that she had the ability to shed tears – was this
enough to appease Artosh-sama?
Sora looked at her face.
“…I’m not really sure what you’re getting at, but that expression isn’t
half bad.”
Finally – Sora spoke to Azrael with a smile on his face.
“…May I ask you four questions? Imanity – no, So-chan, Shi-chan.”
- There was no answer in the first place, they merely had to go back to
square one – which meant that she had some things to confirm.
“You both…what do you live for?”
“For Shiro, of course.” “…For Nii.”
“What if one of you were to die?”
“If we die we die together, so there isn’t much of a big deal.” “…Together.”
“Why…what keeps you living?” “I have no idea!”
“…God knows!”
“We don’t have time to be considering this sort of thing, we’re different
from you anyway, life is short.”
“…Busy…”
- They didn’t hesitate throughout, Sora replying with a smile on his face
while Shiro replied rather seriously.
But – those weren’t the answers she was looking for – she could only
reference them.
So at last – Azrael asked:
“Can I…can I be like Jii-chan as well?” “That’s impossible, you
can only be yourself.”
- They replied without hesitation as well, which was to be expected.
She had known that since long ago, but as Azrael began looking
increasingly melancholy, Sora instead –
“But what’s wrong with that?”
Completely cheerful – his smile was, without a doubt –
“Your expression now is excellent, I love it when you’re like this.”
- He spoke with a smile as wide as the skies.
…
…Nyahahaha.
“The answer that we’d searched for over so long turned out to be 「Going
back to square one」, I can’t take this, even people who can live forever get
tired you know-nyan.”
Yes – thinking for oneself, which was their – reply.
She had to look for it herself, then find her own answer that belonged to
her and her alone just like Jibril had.
- As long as she knew she could accomplish it – it was enough. Azrael said
tiredly, however –
Suddenly, she heard Jibril apologizing to Sora.
“…Masters, I put my own life on the line on my own accord, and even had to
rely on your strength in the end…I offer my sincerest apolo –“
“Ah~ about that, Jibril.”
Sora scratched his head, seemingly not knowing where to start and said:
“This fellow over here doesn’t have the rights to order all Flügel to
commit suicide!”
“-------What!?”
Ignoring the speechless Jibril, Azrael said bitterly: “Huh? The cat’s
out of the bag!”
She stuck out her tongue evilly and laughed.
“Banning the act of suicide without permission – doesn’t actually mean I can
order you all to commit suicide! Hmm~ I’d never thought that this lie would
go unnoticed for over six thousand years, nyahahaha ♪”
Shiro continued even more directly –
“…And even if she did…Jibril belongs to…Nii and Shiro…”
-
She had dragged her masters in, and had prepared to die –
As Sora noticed that Jibril’s shoulders were beginning to tremble in
anger, he sighed and said:
“- But if it’s just Azrael alone, she can do it.”
Jibril inhaled sharply as she heard that, while Azrael immediately
erased her smile.
“This fellow over here bet herself and only herself from the very beginning,
as no matter the consequence she was prepared to die alone. What kind of
sister would tell her beloved imouto to go kill herself? She’s Jibril’s trusted
sister after all!”
- Azrael remained silent, then sighed and replied.
And that reply was more convincing than any form of protest she may have
made.
If there was an 「Answer」, and if the Flügel could find that answer, even if
she were to exercise her rights for all of them to commit suicide, no one
would want to die. Even if there was no answer, with Jibril at the head of
them, if they could all find a reason to continue living, they wouldn’t want to
kill themselves as well anyway.
- At that time, Azrael whose purpose of living was to prevent anyone from
committing suicide, would have completed her mission.
“…So-chan, have you ever pissed people off by not minding your own
business?”
“Yeah, many times, and I pissed them off a lot as well. However I decided
long ago that I won’t let anyone die in this world (game), so –“
- She heard a single clap.
“Let’s play a game.”
Sora clapped his hands and spoke while laughing.
“It would be a pain if we had to start from scratch, huh?” - No doubt, so
let’s play a game.
“So, things are simple now, anyway let’s switch a game first.”
- It would definitely be an extremely interesting game. “We want to
make this world – even more interesting.”
- A game that would never get boring.
“As for whether or not we can do it – so, which side will you bet on?”
…
-…..
“Nyaha…nyahahah, nyahahahahahhahahahah!!”
In six thousand years, no, possibly for the first time in her life, she laughed
sincerely.
Maybe because her physical abilities were being restrained by the Imanity –
she laughed too hard to the point where her stomach began to ache.
Azrael laughed so emotionally that she even started to cry, and she raised
her head – and then -
- She grabbed onto Sora and kissed him.
“Ugh!?” “…!?”
“What – M, Master!? A-Azrael-senpai!!”
…For a full few seconds, Azrael tongue-kissed Sora and stopped.
“Nyahaha~ if both sides bet that 「It’s possible」, the bet won’t be valid
♥”
“”…””
Sora appeared lost, while the other two looked at them with gazes that
could kill, and Azrael spoke, ignoring them:
“We...as for me who wanted to die, you gave me a chance to have fun with
you all, and so I’m extremely overjoyed at your request-nyan. But – I don’t
yet have the right to walk alongside So-chan like Jii-chan does.”
She waved and turned to leave…she felt the gravity that restrained her
body and continued forward.
Her sister worried about her, the Imanity worried about her, comforted
her, and even prevented her from committing suicide.
No matter what you were to say – if this were to go on, I would be relying on
them too much, and she smiled bitterly.
“But this is fine as well, since I bet it’s 「Possible」 too-nyan? Before the
results come out – I’ll try my best to wait for it, since Jii-chan believes in menyan,
I hope that you all can just wait for me a while more.”
Part 8
“…Nii…you let her kiss you.”
“Just wait a minute here, no matter how you look at it, she forced herself
on me right?”
“You say that, Master, but because of the 「Ten Pledges」 it isn’t possible to
abuse another’s rights, so unless the Master had allowed it subconsciously
there was no other way that Azrael-senpai could have kissed you.”
“Wait a second, if I were to deny a beautiful lady like that unconsciously
that would be disastrous to me as a guy!”
“…Nii is fine with anyone…as long as it’s a girl…” “You’re just like
Ino-sama.”
“Come on already, no matter how you look at it, I’m the victim! Right!
Hey!”
Azrael’s mouth curled up in a smile as she heard the commotion
behind her, and she spoke softly as she was leaving:
“…Speaking of which, Jii-chan-nyan.”
“…You finally added a –nyan to that. Ignoring the fact that you were rude to
my Masters and that you’ve been lying to us for so long – even someone as
tolerant as I am almost about to get angry. What is it? Azrael-senpai.”
Jibril teleported beside her and spoke unhappily. Azrael asked her
a question that she had thought of.
“Jii-chan -nyan, why do you think the Imanity had survived during the
Great War?”
“It was because…”
That was a question that had nestled inside Jibril for an extremely long
period of time, and it had begun to trouble her even more recently.
The Imanity were seen as too weak, so no one had paid particular
attention to them and thus they had survived.
But after meeting Sora and Shiro, Jibril felt confused.
At the end of the Great War, the entire Elkian continent was the territory
of the Imanity, was that just by pure chance –
The Imanity – Azrael attempted to guesstimate the source of their power.
“Let’s say that they keep losing until they can’t lose anymore
– that’s the Imanity.”
- They continued 「 Learning」 by using defeat or loss as their premise, not
fearing the unknown, instead happily diving into it.
Because they were more imperfect than anyone, they were a race that
strived to be even more perfect than anyone – if so…
Azrael smiled bitterly, and the reason behind it was not because of the
reason they survived, but…
“…Why didn’t I take notice of a race like that during the Great War?”
- Jibril inhaled sharply.
Ignoring the two Masters for now, the late king that had exposed the
Eastern Federation’s game, and Kurami who had collaborated with an Elf.
The potential they had shown was almost scary – Jibril had experienced
this personally.
They were sometimes borderline insane, and at times even not afraid of
death – despite this, they were able to bring in the next generation.
“A race that continued to learn continuously – why did I not take a threat
like that into consideration –“
That would mean that no matter how weak one was, as long as one could
keep on collecting knowledge, that person would become an unavoidable
threat.
If she had noticed the full potential of that race earlier, what would she
have done during the Great War?
It was obvious – they would be 「Too dangerous」, and she would have
eliminated them immediately.
“- And all our records of the Imanity – they were completely erased, and why
is that?”
Yes, all the records of the Imanity during the Great War had all been
destroyed – it was almost unnatural.
“Nyahahaha~ I just thought of it randomly-nyan, maybe we –
“
As Azrael said this, she looked towards Sora and Shiro. “The battlefield isn’t
just on the Elkian continent anymore.”
No doubt, that was something that looked like they would have done.
“The Ex-Machinae that killed Artosh-sama were acting suspiciously
during the final stages of the Great War, if –“
Halfway through her sentence – she smiled without a trace of humour in
her eyes, and concluded.
“Could they have been manipulated by the Imanity -?”
If so – the death of Artosh that was the ignition fuse for the end of the war –
- Was intentionally manipulated by someone - ?
“Just joking~~ I must be thinking too much? Nyahahaha”
As she said this, Azrael left behind Jibril who was standing motionless
and continued forward.
- She should have had walked for a quite a distance, but she didn’t reach
anywhere.
Jibril who should have been behind her long ago was still beside her
nonchalantly, making Azrael feel rather awkward.
“Jii-chan-nyan, I’ll do as they say and live shackled temporarily-nyan
– and then…”
She laughed.
“During the next council meeting I’ll propose for 「Avant Heim to join the
Elkian Federation」-nyan.”
“…I don’t think that proposal will be approved for now.” It was something
that Jibril clearly desired –
As she considered this, Azrael smiled cunningly at her.
“Observing and learning from those kids (Elkia). The 「Answer」 that we
found – it will merely be a 「Superficial Alliance」 created in order to allow
everyone to fulfil Artosh-sama’s final order – how does that sound? Nyaha”
Her expression seemed to say: I didn’t lie for six thousand years for
nothing.
“…That’s pretty hard to turn down…”
Avant Heim was originally a completely neutral faction, without land
nor resources.
If it was a figurative alliance, and there was no moral duty for them to help
out Elkia, they only had to participate when their own interests were at hand
–
Also they would have the assurance of the Representative of the Winged
that it was an alliance for Artosh – so they should have no reason to refuse.
…Her mind’s clearly so sharp, but why – Jibril sighed. “But…”
Suddenly – Azrael looked at her solemnly in stark contrast from her
previous appearance.
“All the Flügel including myself, before we judge whether the potential of
Elkia (those two) is worthy for us to believe in, I won’t allow them to refer to
those two as their 「New Masters」- understood?”
“Of course, everyone needs to understand this themselves, thus I’ll continue
preaching from today onwards, don’t worry.”
As long as she were to continue preaching her Bible (observation diary),
increase their amount of fans – disciples it would be fine, Jibril told herself.
Azrael smiled bitterly and turned towards her once again. “…Before that,
can I entrust those two to Jii-chan-nyan?”
Those two were a yet unknown combination, so Azrael could understand
why they were so full of charisma.
But at the same time – she was afraid for them, as if they were to die before
she were to make a conclusion, there would be a lot of trouble, after which
she said:
“I’m not asking this as the Representative of the Winged, but merely as a
friend – please?”
- Jibril smiled as she always had.
“I’ve always believed in protecting my masters even if I have to sacrifice
myself – so I refuse.”
“- Really, now…nyahahaha…”
Which was hinting that they weren’t friends – which was but of course, after
doing all those outrageous things, she still dared to call herself a friend –
“But if you keep dragging your feet like this, you’re going to miss all the
most interesting parts -「Onee-san」."
- Jibril said this while smiling at her 「Sister」.
…
“N -no problem-nyan… I’ll hurry over to my cute imouto’s side as fast as
possible-nyan/”
Nyahahaha, she laughed and walked away in an attempt to restrain her
tears.
She had changed in the short period of an hour as well, so she figured it
wouldn’t take long –
As she was leaving, she suddenly stopped and surveyed her surroundings
– she sighed and waved.
“Everyone~ can someone carry me~! Also we need to hold a meeting
ASAP~! I’ll need at least a road to get home with or else it’ll be a big problem
for me, so could you all please build some~ nyahahaha ♪”
Walking home with her powers sealed away from her.
She couldn’t even do that – that sensation felt overwhelmingly exotic.
Even something as stupid and boring as this – felt interesting, and she
couldn’t help but laugh at herself.
Placing her feet one after another on the ground, with the same line of sight
as those two had, looking at the world at the speed of an ant’s crawl.
- After living for twenty-six thousand years – this isn’t that bad for a change.
- ……..
- You want to have them as your new Masters?
“That’s not my decision-nyan, so spend a little time to think about it
yourself as well, Avant-kun (Avant Heim).”
- …Although it’s a tough decision, I’ll try.
“To be honest I don’t think it’ll be all that bad serving under those kids for a
while.”
- Because of their potential?

Azrael could only reply by flapping her wings that couldn’t lift her into the
sky.
“Because it seems oh so fun-nyan! Nyahaha~!” - You seem truly
happy.
I wonder what I’ll play with them next time, she began thinking –
Part 9
- On the other hand, within the capital of Elkia, the late king’s library.
Izuna was tucking into a huge portion of sashimi, while Steph sat reading
beside her.
Steph looked at Izuna who was enjoying the food prepared by her.
“…Izuna, you’re a really big eater.”
That made her smile – but as she remembered her grandfather as he was on
the brink of death, Steph felt confused instead.
Izuna tries so hard, and she’s helped out so much – but…
Impossibly – from her expression she couldn’t detect any hint of urgency,
anxiousness nor unease.
“About that, it’s hard for me to start but…Izuna, aren’t you worried for Inosan?”
- Izuna paused momentarily…with a chunk of fish still lodged in her mouth,
she replied without hesitation:
“Of course not, des. Why would I be? Des.” “…You asked
why…”
“Sora and Shiro will save him, so there’s no problem, des.”
- She once again replied without a single hint of hesitation, after which she
continued eating.
Steph sighed and looked at the book in her hand again, then continued
with a complaint.
It was a small question she was worried about since a long while ago –
“Why do both Miko-san and Izuna trust that 「Liar」 so much?”
It was true that Sora and Shiro would always end things off at the very end
brilliantly.
But throughout the process they would lie and deceive, so one wouldn’t
know when to believe them or not.
As Steph was thinking, Izuna tilted her head and said: “…Sora and
Shiro aren’t 「Liars」, des.”
“- Izuna can read the Imanity language now, but you haven’ t 「Mastered」
it yet.”
If they weren’t 「Liars」, who would be – Steph smiled bitterly and said,
but –
“The smell of a liar- the smell of someone hiding his true self, they don’t have
that smell which I hate the most, des.”
-
Steph was speechless. Back on the day when Sora had said she would save
Izuna’s grandfather.
Izuna smelt Sora by the seaside – Izuna smiled as she recalled that relaxing
odour.
“Sora and Shiro have a good smell, des. They do tease people, deceive them,
or even play pranks – but, the only thing they won’t do is lie, des – so Izuna
likes Sora and Shiro, des.”
- Steph inhaled sharply as she realized she had been lectured by a young girl
with her age still in the single-digit range.
It was hard to believe, but she somehow understood now – an impossible
explanation flashed across her mind.
Sora – he told lies as easily as breathing, being a born liar.
But for some reason sometimes – Steph would unconsciously overlap his
figure with her grandfather’s.
Upon thinking closely, there wasn’t anything that surprising about it.
If he could really lie that well…
Then why – would he want to act in such a way that people would
believe he was lying?
- Why – why didn’t he just act like a kind person - ?
At this point, Steph noticed that Izuna was looking at her with her eyes half
open.
“…Steph-kou smells nice as well, des. But sometimes you have the smell
of a liar, des.”
“W-what!? W-when did I ever tell a lie!?”
“Whenever we mention Sora, you have the smell of a liar, des. I don’t like
Steph-kou when you’re like that, des.”
“T-that was because Sora forced me to fall in love with him! Of course I have
to reject him right!?”
Steph attempted to defend herself while still teary-eyed, while Izuna’s
expression suddenly turned rather complex.
“You’re lying again, des…but your normal smell is good, so I forgive you, des.”
Izuna began eating again as soon as she finished, while Steph thought to
herself”
- I see, let’s say I go back a hundred steps – no, a thousand steps, I trust
that Sora isn’t a liar.
But despite that –
“That doesn’t mean he can use the pledges to restrain my love life! Isn’t that a
twisted sense of logic!?”
Steph clutched her head and cried, while her gaze settled upon a single
book.
It was slightly further away from her – an ancient-looking bounded
book.
“…「The Treasure of the Prideful Princess」…is this a fairy tale?”
It was a book written in the Imanity language – a book with a rather
childish title.
As she flipped it open, this was written on the inner cover page:
-「This is a tale that has circulated amongst the Elves」-
“Is this a translation? The translator is – isn’t this Grandpa!? Why would
this book be…”
Steph mumbled to herself as she flipped to the next page, after which she
suddenly inhaled sharply.
Because this was written on the very first page: - This is a
place even further than the sea.
A 「Fairy Tale」 further away than anything and anyone else
–
After which she saw a familiar scrawl underneath… Which meant
the late king’s handwriting, and it read:
- According to my observations, the hibernating Empress of the Sea went into
slumber after reading this story.
- The Empress is just like the Princess in this story, being loved by everyone,
and has everything in the world.
- Thus she…wishes to pursue things unknown to her.
- It’s exactly because she has everything, she wishes for the unknown – a
love she cannot acquire –
“I FOOOOOUUUUNNNNDDDD IIIIIIIIIITTTTTTTTT!!”
Steph yelled and kicked her chair to the side, while Izuna leaped up in
surprise.
Part 10
- Avant Heim – within a slightly larger cube in the centre of it.
It was Jibril’s previous residence, which had been turned into a storage
warehouse.
Important items, books and the like had probably all been moved to the
Elkian library, so there was a lack of homeliness within it.
The Flügel didn’t appear to need sleep, so there weren’t any beds nor
windows within the place.
There was a secret room that held things other than books, and for Sora,
Shiro and Plum who didn’t like going outdoors, the place was just right for
them.
“Ah, Masters, please don’t touch those, because there’s a possibility that,
no, you will definitely die.”
After this warning, they made note not to take particular notice of all the
trophies and skulls Jibril had collected during the Great War, which was a
blessing in disguise, but –
“…Strange…”
Within the middle of the room, there was stacked a pile of books that had
been collected from almost a hundred Flügel who had sworn on the
Pledges.
Buried in that mountain -high pile of books, Sora felt exhausted and began
mumbling to himself.
Shiro who was sitting on his lap began writing something in a notebook as
well, after which she began drawing squiggly lines unhappily and groaning
impatiently.
“…Masters, would you like to take a rest?”
The two were frustrated at the speed of their progress, while Jibril
advised them to stop.
- After the game had ended, the two had begun reading the extremely large
amount of books they had won over, looking for information in the
process.
Jibril only suddenly noticed as she was writing in her Observational Diary
(Bible), that the last time Sora and Shiro (Masters) had slept – was before
Plum had arrived.
As she realised that was about five days ago, she advised them again, while
Sora simply scratched his head as though he didn’t hear her at all.
“There are clearly nineteen types of 「Oaths」- but why isn’t there any
difference between the awakening conditions?”
“Could it be…we came here…for nothing…?”
At the end of the game, Plum had activated a spell, deceiving even Azrael
who had the power of a Phantasma within her.
Plum was extremely exhausted after that feat, so she moaned while lying
on the floor and breathing weakly.
They had did so much, could it be that there was no meaning in it – Plum
began to appear despaired, but instead Sora –
“…The problem’s even more serious than that…I’ll straighten it out
for you!”
Sora sighed and turned to Plum to explain:
“The Empress of the Seirenes is their full representative, so the fact that she
bet all her rights in order to enter a slumber to the Seirenes would mean that
as long as someone else were to wake her up, their Race Piece would be
taken which would be tantamount to death – so they hid the condition to
awaken her.”
“Y-yes…that’s true…”
“The ultimate form of concealment is not letting anyone know, which is
why Plum couldn’t find out the condition herself.”
- But…
“The current Empress had entered slumber before becoming the Empress,
so the Seirenes should have tried all possible methods to awaken her
already – which means, previously someone knew how to awaken her, but
those conditions have probably been modified by someone now.”
Can you understand everything up to here? Sora asked, to which Plum
nodded in confirmation.
“In the previous eight hundred years, there were of course people that
played games in attempts to waken the Empress,
among which nineteen of them were recorded by Avant Heim over five races,
and they had found the 「Oath」 back then. As long as we can find that
information and cross-reference it with everything we have, we can retrace
back to the past and find the conditions to wake the Empress – that was my
initial plan.”
Shiro let out a hnng~ a tiny moan, and collapsed on Sora’s knees – she
had overworked her brain.
The 「Oath」 written in the languages of five different races, they had even
cross-referenced the meanings of all the words – but…
“-「The person who can wake the Empress」- that’s the limit to which
we can retrace.”
The person that could wake her – which would mean, 「It would be fine
even if you don’t let her fall in love with you」.”
To acquire everything -「Win all the rights」, that was the only victory
reward the two could affirm existed, but at that point that meant nothing
to them.
What was most important was – Sora said impatiently:
“Why isn’t there a 「Victory Condition」- they hid the wrong details!”
If 「All their rights」 were taken before the previous Empress had died, it
wouldn’t cause them much danger to their survival.
They should have revealed the victory conditions in order to allow people to
beat the game as fast as possible – despite this, there were no records…
“…The worst…possibility…” “- Huh?”
As Plum heard Shiro mumble, she looked at her in despair, pleading for
her to explain.
“…From the very beginning…no one…knew the condition…”
“…Even the Empress doesn’t know, the possibilities of a victory
condition that isn’t specific – for example…”
Sora took a deep breath and spoke, almost squeezing his voice out:
“…「Amuse me. I don’t know how you’re going to do it, but you have to do it
in a specific way.」- Something like that.”
- Plum’s eyes rolled up into whites and she collapsed, and to be honest, Sora
felt just like her.
If that was the truth – the reason why no one could awake her, the reason
why Plum was unable to find the condition – the
reason why the love magic worked properly but was unable to wake her up,
and –
Even the reason why they could completely hide the conditions
– everything could be explained.
Since no one knew from the very beginning, there was no reason to
conceal it.
Which meant they had to search for 「What was the Empress looking for
when she went into hibernation」- back to square one.
“Ah~ dammit, what’s wrong with that woman!?”
Sora yelled out in a voice saturated with heavy frustration, after which he
collapsed.
Even Shiro gave up and began yawning on Sora’s lap, while Plum – fainted.
This scene could be titled 「Despair」 and framed in an art gallery.
“…So for a change of mood, can I tell you all about something that
happened in the past?”
Jibril snapped her fingers lightly, and instant the walls and ceiling of her
home turned as transparent as glass.
Sora lay on the floor, and what he saw was a night sky – no, wrong.
They were on the edge of the atmospheric layer – the divide between the
universe and planets.
Which meant that was the universe. As he understood that, he suddenly
heard a calming sound, like the call of a whale.
“...That was…?”
“It was 「Him」- the sound of the Phantasma Avant Heim.”
As she said this – Sora recalled a huge whale-shaped slab of land during
their game against Azrael.
…He was on his back right now, and as that was too ridiculous to consider,
he figured he would forget it soon anyway.
“「He」 was a disciple of my late Master, the Old Deus Artosh.”
Jibril spoke with a nostalgic glow in her eye.
“Artosh died at the end of the Great War – but 「He」 couldn’t accept it, so
he drifted from place to place in search for him, approaching any single
presence of Old Dei he could find.”
Jibril looked at the sky – the red moon.
“The red moon (up there) is the dwelling place of the thirteenth-ranked
「Lunarians」, as well as the Old Dei that created them.” [9]
- Maybe because it was bigger than the moon of their original world, or
because they were closer to it, it was a gigantic red moon he had seen
countless times before.
Sora had never considered that there might be 「Sixteen Races」 up
there.
“- Whenever Avant Heim sees the red moon, he will attempt to raise his
altitude upon detecting the presence of Old Dei, but –“
Jibril smiled a complex yet sad smile. “Avant Heim
can’t do it.” “…Can’t do it?”
“Avant Heim doesn’t fly in the sky, he revolved about the planets – he
swims within the Elemental Galleries that the Imanity cannot see, so he
can’t go into space where there are no Spirits – so…”
Sora’s gaze shifted up along with Jibril’s, and he remained momentarily
speechless.
- He had never seen the Milky Way up close.
But compared to photos online, it was way more epic than he thought it
would have been, a glittering river of stars suspended in mid-air.
Suddenly a flash of light streaked past as though to cover the red moon up.
“He’s looking at the red moon…and crying.”
The light emitted an afterglow that shimmered faintly as it passed, and
swam away.
Earlier they had heard the call of a whale as well, and now – it sounded
rather lonely to them.
“…Do the Phantasma have feelings as well?”
- The 「Phantasma」 that were ranked second among the 「Sixteen
Races」.
Sora then thought, it was of course reasonable that Azrael had called upon
them so emotionally as she was ranked as well.
But it just seemed rather impossible to believe that a floating slab of land
could have emotions.
Then – Sora remembered something all of a sudden, and he said sadly:
“…Even the Phantasma know 「Love」, but I don’t…” “Huh? Why do you
say 「He」 knows love?”
“He knows to cry for his Master, and he has a Master to love
– even if it isn’t love, doesn’t that mean he knows love?”
“…”
- Jibril suddenly said thoughtfully.
“Master, is there a person whose absence would make you feel
uncomfortable?”
“Shiro.”
“So the one you love is –“
“Shiro – ah~ so if I know love and I know how to love, does that mean I
know how to fall in love?”
Love differs from person to person – what a troublesome concept.
What was the Empress searching for before she hibernated? If it was truly
related to love, then he could do nothing – Jibril was thinking of something
else at the same time.
“…Is it really like that?”
When Artosh had been conquered, Jibril had felt crushing despair along
with the rest of the Flügel.
After that, the Flügel had begun gathering information, they didn’t know
what they were searching for, but they still searched.
The reason to live, the reason to exist, the reason to not die –
Searching for those 「Answers」 that couldn’t possibly exist
– but Jibril found it.
It wasn’t a common answer, but it let her find – her own reason to exist.
“…? What is it, Jibril?”
It wasn’t for knowledge, but instead for the 「Unknown」 ahead of her that
confused her, if –
“M-master, forgive me for asking, but could you listen to a single request of
mine?”
“Yeah, what is it?”
“Could you please say 「Jibril you useless fellow, I don’t need you
anymore」?”
“…L-let me just say something here, I don’t get where this conversation is
going at all.”
“Just don’t ask – please.”
As he saw Jibril press her forehead on the ground while bowing deeply,
Sora accepted her request reluctantly.
“-「Jibril you useless fellow, I don’t need you anymore」-is that alright?”
-
“M-M-M-M-Master!!” “- W-w-what!?”
She teleported so close to Sora that their heads almost connected,
which caused Sora to cry out uncontrollably.
“W-why is this? I’m currently feeling the same sensation of my spine tingling
as I licked the feet of that long-eared one under Master’s orders, and the
time where I stole Shiro-san from you during the FPS in the Eastern
Federation – and a feeling as if my chest is being constricted! What exactly is
this unknown sensation!?”
“I don’t know! I don’t know, but aren’t you adding too much weird elements
into this!?”
Sora replied with his face set in stone as Jibril looked at him while panting,
blushing and almost drooling.
Although, Jibril suddenly seemed to have understood something –
she nodded, and then –
“Master, in the six thousand, four hundred and seven years since my birth –
Jibril has finally understood what it means to fall in love.”
“…Huh? Are you serious?”
“Yes, I can finally help Master out – and what love means is!”
Jibril kneeled down solemnly in front of Sora and reported.
“Master commanded Dora-chan to 「Fall in love with you」, and ignored her
aside from that one time; as for Dora-chan that was a declaration of love, so!
The feelings placed within me as the Master I’ve been serving under for so
long with all my heart said he doesn’t need me any longer – which is pity,
bitterness, relaxation and all other sorts of feelings that make chills run
down my spine, that’s love -!!”
“Jibril, could you please just calm down, you’re just making things more
complicated –“
Sora said with his expression still carved in stone, at this time – with a loud
slam! –
Shiro stood up.
“Huh!? W-what was that, Shiro, my heart nearly leaped out of my chest!”
However she completely ignored Sora’s response.
“…Unknown sensation…I don’t know…can’t reach… yearning…Azrael
couldn’t find it…Jibril found it…Steph felt it…the unknown…the
future…「Hope」.”
- She was pretending to sleep earlier, so she had heard everything.
She mumbled a string of words – recited, as she suddenly began flipping
through the books.
“…The Empress that deceived everyone… - the Empress…victory
condition…wasn’t changed.”
She said.
She suddenly lifted up a book – and said:
“…Nii…I know…the condition…to awaken the Empress now.”
- As they heard this, Sora, Jibril and even Plum leaped up together and
looked at Shiro.
And only Shiro – appeared happy, no…
“…Nii as well…judgmental error…you do that sometimes.”
Her expression was completely different from the usual, as she actually
seemed happy and laughed.
“…Nii, Nii~ haha…Nii…messed up…♪”
Shiro shook her shoulders from side to side, her feet couldn’t help but
swing about – and she smiled victoriously.
Sora didn’t get her meaning, but he did moan suddenly –
“W-wait a second, huh? I made a judgmental error? B-but situational
decisions are…”
“…Yes, Nii’s…forte…but this time…Shiro won♪” - She appeared truly
happy.
In that game, Sora only felt dizzy as it was the first time Shiro had beaten
him at it.
“H-how is this possible…I lost in judging situations, deduction,
strategy, my reason for existence…”
-『 』 - They were the strongest Imanity gamers, two in one, and if he as the
strategist were to lose in terms of judgment –
Ignoring Sora who was almost in tears, Plum immediately asked Shiro:
“W-what is it!? What do we have to do to awaken the Empress!?”
As everyone bated their breath in anticipation – and as Sora looked at her
tearfully.
Shiro – revealed the answer.
Chapter 4: Retry
Part 1
"...So it's...like that, huh..."
"W-well there aren't any contradictions with Grandpa's work...wait,
huh, is that it?!"
"My assumption was right after all, heh...ah, love is such a complex
thing..."
"...We...nearly went extinct for a stupid reason like that...I'm gonna cry, you
know...?"
"Phew ☆ This is a great opportunity, Plum ☆ Amira's feeling really
energetic ♥"
"..S-Sora, Izuna doesn't understand at all, des."
"Sorry Izuna, but I'm just a useless eighteen-year-old piece of hikikomori
virgin trash that's dragging Kuuhaku『 』 down, so I don't understand as
well. But Izuna's smart, so you'll understand it in the future. Now please
excuse me so I can make my way to the garbage dump."
"Sora is getting thrown away, des? Can Izuna go and pick him up, des?"
"...Absolutely not...Nii belongs to Shiro. Let's change the subject...Nii go
get ready."
"R-ready? O-other than getting in the way, is there really something
else I can do...?"
"...This game...Shiro can't beat it...only Nii...can do it..."
"Alright then, let's go, Shiro!! If Shiro and I both can't do it, who can?!"
Part 2
"- How boring."
I sighed unconsciously.
Oceande is the birthplace of all the Seirenes.
Located at the very bottom of the ocean's depths, its endless foothills that
were connected with triple seamounts and so forth were lit up by half-moon
shaped streaks of light. [1]
Away from the unclean, filthy solid ground, the calm seawaters were like
castle walls, having no direct passage towards Oceande.
Aside from countless unnamed fish and whales, there was only an extremely
small amount of people that were able to reach the place.
The treasures located within the city were piled up in glittering, dazzling
mountains, and the protections placed over them by the water elementals
added a beautiful layer of oceanic blue over it.
It was a stunningly colorful paradise created from the magic of the
Dhampirs.
But, it was also a prison.
“Oh come on~ really now, isn't there anything else more fun to do!?”
I pursed my lips, as everything seemed to be making me annoyed.
I'm getting bored of singing and dancing, not to mention that I've gotten
bored of eating all those delicacies.
Oceande, the eternal paradise, beauty, wealth, love; everything was present
there.
From the very instant that I was born, those things were all mine.
And it's exactly because of that – that I'll never be satisfied.
That's because I myself am the prettiest, most valuable piece of treasure and
not others.
Even the most beautiful things in this world cannot reach my standard.
If there's something that this place doesn't have but yet something I
truly wish for...
That is...love! Pure love!
A partner just as perfect and unchangeable as I am! An impeccable
treasure that even the gods would desire.
I won't let anyone invade my pure soul – I'll wait for「Him」 in this dreamy
city.
The one that can give everything he has to me – an eternal lover.
The prince that can satisfy all my inner desires.
I fell asleep while waiting for「Him」...huh? How long ago was that?
“...Never mind, it's not important.”
If「He」doesn't come for me, things like time don't matter at all.
If my desires aren't satisfied, my entire existence would be like an empty
shell -
-「Aschente」-
Suddenly I heard a voice, and I gradually regained consciousness.
It seems someone has arrived, a shallow man that has come in search of my
love.
With one little smile from me they would immediately fall before my
irresistible charm, such cute idiots.
This man probably isn't the one I'm looking forward to as well. 「True
Love」doesn't come easily anyway.
But, after waiting so long, even I'm getting impatient.
“...Fine, since I'm bored anyway, I'll play with you for a while.”
No matter how boring this man may be, he can at least pass some time.
Right – I'll be gentler to him this time.
I'll smile sweetly, flatter him a bit, then watch him fall head over heels for
me.
After that, at the very last moment, I'll dump him as brutally as I can and toss
him to the side like a soulless corpse.
This way, even an idiot might learn the meaning of「True Love」-
“Do you - ?” “Huh...?”
A young man's voice drifted to me from the sky. “- Do you want
love -?”
You're asking me if I want love? Of course. “...Yes, I do, but
can you give it to me?” “So – I'll give it to you!!”
“You~ are~ shock~!!” [2]
A shock that shook the oceans resounded, and I looked up – to see that the
sky had shattered.
There's no other way for me to describe it; I could see it even from where I
was in the ocean, as the sky gradually cracked and crumbled, falling like
huge pieces of broken glass, crashing into the ocean – dying the seas and
skies blood-red.
After which the owner of the voice fell into the ocean along with the
splinters of the glass sky.
“- The sky~ it fell because~ of love...~~...you know?”
He was a male, black-haired, black-eyed Imanity wearing a shirt with the
words「I ♥ Humans」emblazoned on the front.
And beside him, almost in contrast to him, a white-haired, red-eyed young
Imanity girl.
The two had draped on them a jet-black cape that instantly would remind
people of the kind villains would wear, and they spoke with evil smiles:
“Greetings, Sleeping Beauty. Sorry for disturbing you every single time
before you go to rest. We're Sora and Shiro.”
“...Hello...”
...Hmm? They're using a different tactic this time.
Many men have attempted to seek my love in various sorts of ways, but this
would be a first.
No, wrong – what I want is「True Love」- not just something flashy and
original like this.
“Greetings, visitors of my dream. I welcome your arrival.”
It would be over after this sentence, my voice – no man can resist its
charm -
“Ah, we apologize. The real versions of us aren't here right now.”
“...Useless, useless, useless...”
“So we can't hear your voice, forgive us for that, and now~ -” The man
smiled mischievously, then continued singing:
“You are shock – me and~ a few other things~ fell from the sky...”
- A shock rang out once again, at the same time the seas parted, and in the
red skies...
“- Eek...!”
I cried out unconsciously.
It was a sky covered in hateful, fear-inducing, giant – monster babies.
A girl flew above that sky, with a halo on her head and light-woven wings
stretching from her waist.
“You're an idiot, and you look cute while you're sleeping, but to think that
idiots that can cause trouble even when they're asleep exist – the world
really is a huge place.”
- Behind her were hundreds of – personifications of killers, the symbols of
destruction -「The Flügel」!?”
“...Nii, sense of despair...doesn’t seem enough...”
“Hmm~ That’s right, I need to perfectly recreate ending B of「That game
that scarred me the most emotionally (Drakengard) 」, so I should have
brought the real Flügel along, but - Azrael’s power has been sealed so the
council’s
definitely in a huge mess right now, as other than Jibril the rest are all just
figureheads.” [3]
“Please take it easy, Master. It’ll be just fine as long as I command about
hundreds of manpower ♪”
That man looked down at me while conducting a strange-sounding
conversation.
“Alright, let’s begin the game - 「Make me fall in love with you」.”
...Huh?
The man said that, and then pointed towards the highest tower of Oceande -
the hall of the Empress.
“We’ll be right there, and as soon as you do, if you manage to make me fall in
love with you, the game will be over.”
- The skies were twitching, and countless gigantic babies (monsters)
began descending from its blood-red void.
The Flügel flew about with their wings spread wide.
...Y-you want me to move under these conditions...!?
“Speaking of which, Master...is it really fine for me to destroy the city just like
that?”
I froze as I heard that Flügel ask expectantly.
“Yeah, no problem. Including the Empress as well, since this is all in a dream
everything will return to normal in a matter of
seconds anyway. Jibril, no matter how much power you use - the source
is「Infinite」, so just release as much as you want.”
“Hehe, hehee, heheheheh~ Jibril’s full of energy ♥”
- After which, the two Imanity turned around to face me once more.
“Also, when we created this setting -”
“...We brought your...friends, best friends...relatives as well.”
As I heard this I looked around desperately - when did they appear?
Mum, Grandma, my servants and sisters that I can’t even remember the
names of - they were all crying and sobbing.
“Which is what you’re looking at...”
He smiled bitterly, scratched his head briefly and said:
“You along with the babies that your relatives would have given birth to
being cut to pieces, exterminated, eliminated by Jibril, and you have to
proceed while experiencing many other hardships...looking back at it, this
setting really is pretty gruesome.”
“...That game...Nii said it would be a touching fighting game and let Shiro play
it, Nii...I can’t forgive you.” [4]
“I’m so sorry, because it’s just too unbearable for me alone to carry that much
emotional burden - so I just had to...”
The two finished blabbering, and they who called themselves Sora and
Shiro spoke as one -
「Now you will Not receive any help
You will only face death So let us see
How far you can struggle.」
After which - they spoke with smiles on their faces: 「Go to hell.」
The Flügel then continued as she heard this: “So, I’ll start.
First Unit, Jibril.”
The halo on her head began shifting and twisting into various complicated
patterns, becoming bigger, multi-layered, just like a magic formation.
Her wings appeared to emit light, and they lost their shape - a spear-like
thing began forming in her hands -
“To my Masters who have given me the opportunity to do this, I dedicate
my utmost gratitude -”
“- Concentrated, full powered, 100% - 「Airstrike」- it’s coming for you ♥”
She said this, and the entire world was engulfed in light.
Part 3
On the other hand - in the hall of the Empress in Oceande -
“YEAH ☆ Jii-chan’s so cool~ ♥”
Amira cheered at the underwater projector which was displaying
the state of the Empress’ dream.
While beside her were countless other Seirenes who were cheering and
dancing maniacally as well.
Sora, Shiro and Jibril’s bodies lay on the floor almost lifelessly along with
Plum and the other Dhampirs who had used all their strength transporting
them into the dream world.
Beside them was Steph who was rolling her eyes, as well as an elderly
Werebeast - Hatsuse Ino, as well as Izuna who was hugging onto him.
Looking at the three unconscious bodies on the floor, Ino asked:
“Um, about that...what exactly is going on here?”
“We’re here to save Grandpa, des. You have to kneel and express
gratitude, des.”
Izuna said this while rubbing her face against her grandfather’s - Ino’s
stomach, while Steph continued:
“A lot of things happened while Ino-san was here in Oceande...a lot
of things.”
- But he couldn’t possibly understand anything from an explanation
like that.
Ino fondled Izuna gently while expressing his confusion.
“...I would appreciate it if you could explain more thoroughly.”
“Don’t worry about it...since I don’t actually get it either...but Sora has a
message for you.”
Mm-mm, Steph cleared her throat.
“- 「We found the way to awaken the Empress, so we told the Seirenes who
in exchange gladly gave you up in exchange for it, which is exactly what
we’re doing now」...that’s it.”
“Now I’m even more confused...”
“Let me continue...「Don’t worry, we’ll awaken the Empress and we won’t
let the Seirenes and Dhampirs go extinct, which is what we wagered on in
the beginning of the game. As for what’s going on, you’ll have to wait until
the game’s over before you find out.」- and...”
Steph smiled thinly and continued yet again:
“...「Lastly, Izuna seemed really lonely so we left her here with you. You
have a really good granddaughter, Gramps.」...that’s all.”
“I...I see.”
Ino smiled as he felt his granddaughter fondling him lovingly, but he
thought to himself:
- Now I don’t understand Sora even more.
Sounds of cheering erupted once again as Jibril’s second 「Airstrike」
was fired.
The Seirenes were feasting merrily while watching the events unfolding
within the dream, while Plum instead advised them fearfully.
“A, Amira-sama...I completely~ understand how you feel, but could you
please at least be more self-conscious -”
“Huh? Come on Plum ♪ You don’t need to be so formal all the time so just say
what’s on your mind, it’s fine ☆”
Amira smiled a saintly smile and continued:
“It feels so great watching that idiotic woman suffer~! Hahahah~ ☆”
- Her smile was pure, but her eyes weren’t smiling.
“Amira was originally against the idea of repressing pain~ so I would say I’m
already being rather self-conscious here~ hehe~ ☆”
- It’s true, it was a dream, so in reality no one would get hurt.
Also, when Sora and Shiro had entered the Empress’ dream, they had
requested Plum to repress the pain sensors of the Empress.
It was a dream anyway, so there wouldn’t be any pain, but despite this he
had emphasized it time and again - which meant, there was a meaning
behind his series of actions -
“...We really shouldn’t have brought Izuna there, huh.”
“Yeah, Sora-san managed to pass judgment that this isn’t a scene a small
child like her should be witnessing, so I guess I’m rather in awe of his
morals.”
“...? Is something going on, des?”
Izuna had her head buried in Ino’s chest the entire time so she couldn’t see
the projection, but then she asked curiously.
Regarding the events unfolding in front of her - Plum replied: “To put it
bluntly...that’s hell...no, that’s a true nightmare...”
Undoubtedly, it was a scene that seemed to defy all laws governing the
natural world.
- Steph had heard about it as well, the strongest attack of the Flügel -
「Airstrike」.
That spear of light could evaporate oceans in a single shot, and turn Oceande
within the dream into a mere crater.
But - since it was a dream, everything would return to normal in a matter of
seconds.
The babies crumbled immediately just like porcelain figurines, while Jibril
relentlessly continued her onslaught with renewed vigor.
The endlessly disintegrating and repairing scenery along with Jibril’s smile -
or rather her murderous sneer, as she coldly, mechanically swung her arms.
With each swing, mountains were leveled, seas were spliced, and the ocean
floors buckled and caved from the shock.
- That alone was sufficiently traumatizing to be considered a nightmare.
And it wasn’t only Jibril as well, as the fake Flügel were destroying
everything in sight along with her.
The baby-like monsters were simply characters that incited natural hatred
and fear from onlookers, and they feasted on the various other people within
the dream.
While the Seirenes were actually watching those events cheerfully, in an
almost overjoyed fashion - everything was in a chaotic mess.
“...A-about that, since they know the reason why all this is happening, it’s
hard to blame them for their reaction...but...”
“...D-did they go a bit overboard? ...although I don’t really understand
what’s going on...”
Steph, who knew the cause of the events up to this point yet didn’t
understand Sora’s intentions, couldn’t help but agree with Ino.
“...Although, not a day passes where I don’t hate that Tet-sama who created
the 「Ten Pledges」...”
Plum seemed as if she was going to faint anytime soon, and she said this with
her face almost horrifyingly pale.
Because what she saw might actually be - no, it must be.
It was something even before the 「Ten Pledges」- a scene that seemed
directly ripped out of the 「Great War」.
“My ancestors actually survived through things like these...I respect them
even more now.”
“...More precisely, how exactly did the Imanity survive through
conditions like these?”
“Before all this, were there any differences between the Imanity and the
Werebeasts...? After I get back, I’m going to look through that bit of history
again.”
The three of them slipped into their own thoughts, but deep down they
were all thinking of the same thing.
- The One True God (Tet), thank you for creating the 「Ten Pledges」.
Part 4
- The seawater had completely evaporated just after the first strike, and Leila
could only crawl on the cracked, dried ground.
She couldn’t breathe, and the sunlight corroded every pore of her body on
the naked sea floor.
She couldn’t feel pain, but her energy was being endlessly sapped from
her.
The continuous assault of the Flügel didn’t even give the seawater time
to grow back.
The seawater evaporated, returned, and evaporated yet again, removing
the Empress - removing Leila of her marine protection.
After which, the baby-like monsters that descended from the blood-red
skies crept towards her, threatening to feast on her.
She had no water, she couldn’t swim, so even if she belonged to a race loved
and protected by the ocean - if she didn’t have seawater she couldn’t even
disguise herself -...
“...P...phew...a-am I...finally there...?”
- How many days had it been? Or how many minutes? Leila dragged
her body to the front of the tower.
Behind her she could hear countless explosions, and the fires of hell were
burning passionately there as well.
Above her were broken skies and cries of laughter, while on the ground
were countless screams of terror and agony.
Leila fearfully opened the doors of the tower with all her might, and
charged into it - at the same time...
She felt a shock that once again leveled the city behind her and yet another
explosion - but Leila merely sat down in relief.
Because within the tower - there was water.
Probably because Sora and Shiro were there, it was the only place that
even the attacks of the Flügel couldn’t destroy.
As long as she had water, she could breathe and seduce...
Finally -
“...Ha, hahaha....hehehehehe...you’ve got some guts - to dare to do something
like this to me!”
Leila gasped for air, and from within her - surged torrents of red-hot anger.
- 「Make me fall in love with you」?
“...Fine, since you actually dared to play a fool with me this far, I’ll make you
pay.”
- With a swish of her tailfin, Leila surged up the water-filled tower at a
stunningly fast speed.
- I am the Empress of the Sea, I have everything, no one will resist my rule.
They actually dared to show such disrespect towards me - although I
don’t know what he wants -
“Don’t think kneeling down and begging for forgiveness will save you!!”
Just one sentence, I just need for him to hear the slightest bit of my voice, and
it will be all over.
- I’ll sing a song, capture his heart, and make him kneel before me and lick
the floor.
After which I’ll reject him as coldly and heartlessly as I can, then push him
into a bottomless canyon of despair.
I’ll seduce him then push him aside, so when he leaves the dream - he will
think the real world is the actual nightmare, and he won’t be able to live with
himself.
With these thoughts in her head, she smiled evilly, and swam through the
waters - not long after...
She reached the topmost floor - the hall of the Empress - and stood before
the gates to her own room.
“...Open.”
- The doors immediately swept open along with the water current,
almost as if they were forced open by her voice.
There was no doubt that Leila was the absolute ruler over the oceans, as all
beings in the sea could only bow before her power through the 「Water
Elementals」 within her. It was
simply natural, it wasn’t something one could fight against, it was a magic
that surpassed even the boundaries of her species.
Because even if her opponent was an Elf, the spirits used within their
magics would obey Leila.
In this world - there was nothing she could not tame.
Carrying an immense amount of self-confidence - no, with absolute
belief, Leila - finally arrived.
Sora and Shiro - the two had dressed up like demon kings.
Sora seemed to be enjoying himself, even allowing himself to receive her
with a cocky smile.
“- You’ve finally managed to get here...
Your stupidity really is entertaining...
But things seem to be going exactly as planned...
How enjoyable -”
“...Nii, you can stop that now...”
“Come on~ Shiro, don’t cut me short halfway through my lines, I spent a
lot of time preparing them you know.”
Leila could only look at them with a raging fury in her eyes as the two
quarreled.
Although their actions were unbelievably foolish - it was about time for them
to pay the price.
And then, the Empress - Leila - wove her words with a voice even the Gods
would be smitten with.
“Alright, are you done playing? Now kneel down and kowtow to me.”
- I’ll make him kneel first.
After that, I’ll be sure to drag him so far in his brain will melt - - However, as
she heard his reply...
Leila couldn’t believe her ears.
“Hey, didn’t you hear what I said about the rules at all? Make me fall in love
with you - can’t you even flatter me or something?”
- Leila was speechless.
The young man and the girl before her - merely stood smiling even after
she had used her voice that could hypnotize both genders regardless, and
even managed to reply mockingly.
- They’re fighting against it. Leila thought to herself in panic.
Because as long as she was in the water, they would definitely fall in love
with her without exceptions, and their brains would be immobilized.
So let’s try it out - let’s see how long they can keep up their facade.
“...Yes, sorry, I was too excited, so I apologize for being so rude earlier.”
Leila looked at them passionately with teary eyes, and continued
almost pleadingly:
“I hope you can hear my true feelings - I want you, please reciprocate my
love.”
Not just her voice, but her every action - had a hypnotizing power that
even brainwashing could not beat.
Behind her pleading words, it was almost as if she was entering commands -
orders that were impossible to deny.
When faced with her irresistible charm, Sora merely - shivered slightly - and
replied.
“...Ugh~ I’m sorry, I’m getting goosebumps, nope, can’t do that.”
...
- Huh?
“And to be honest, you’re not even my type.” Huh?
“Also the rules clearly said that you need to make me fall in love with you,
but you went and told me to kneel in your first sentence, apologized in your
second, then finally said that your previous words weren’t actually what you
meant? Are you one of those tripmine girls people see on the internet? I’d
never thought that people like you actually exist, that’s quite a surprise.”
...Leila could only stand there speechlessly.
They weren’t fighting back, it was just that her magic wasn’t working.
Why - was her dream being tampered with? No, even the Elven magics
couldn't touch it.
She couldn’t figure it out, but only one thing was truly confirmed -
This man came here with the firm belief that he wouldn’t fall in love with me.
- Just then, the man turned to the young girl beside him for some sort of
confirmation - and she nodded.
“Ah~ I can finally say it now, since previously everyone thought this was
some sort of romance game, this is probably the first time someone has said
something like this to you right? So including that Gramps from earlier, I’m
going to take everyone’s frustration out on you!”
After that - Sora inhaled deeply, and released a rapid-fire torrent of
words:
“You’re a grown woman for goodness sake, and here you are daydreaming
and stuff. Are you stupid or something? Who do you think you are? An idiot?
Do you really think that everyone has to treat you well? Even the
kindergartners nowadays are smarter than you! Also do you have any idea
how long you’ve been sleeping? Eight hundred years! Eight, hundred, years!
Don’t tell me you think you’re some sort of sleeping beauty
waiting for her prince? You’re over eight hundred years old! You goddamn
old hag! I said you were pretty old earlier, but you’ve got to have a limit
somewhere! I confess, I do prefer older women, but they at least need to
have some brains you know!? Also, the thing that I hate the most about you
is your 「All men will definitely fall in love with me」 attitude!
Women should know their place! Sexiness must come with some sort of
humility and restraint before it has any meaning! Unless you’re thinking
something like this? That when people ask you to take off your clothes you
just strip off everything without a doubt. Do you really think of yourself as a
woman? Or that! Are you one of those people who try to get starring roles in
AV's but when the actual shooting comes, you just take off your clothes and
everything, one of those idiots with romantic stats of below twenty!? If you
think all that matters is how much skin you show, you might as well go be a
nudist! You bloody halfwit! Also, why do I have to suck up to a woman I don’t
like? With any semblance of common sense, one would immediately realize
it’s just a waste of time and effort! Are you genuinely an idiot!? If so, I might
as well go chase some 2D girls, which would probably be more meaningful,
less time-consuming, more appealing, and probably won’t damage my wallet
and break my heart! Furthermore, I want to say one last thing - I don’t know
whether you call those things water elementals or whatever but, you only
have the ability to seduce and hypnotize when those things are around - so to
be honest your looks are only at a medium standard; you’re only going to be
a third wheel in my
crew, which you should have realized long ago if you would just look in the
goddamn mirror! You sponge-brained idiot!!”
---...
Phew~~...
Not allowing his opponent to reply at all, Sora blabbered on and on -
finally appearing somewhat pleased with himself.
“Ah~ that feels better...right, so I’ve said everything I wanted to say. I’m
done here so I’m ending the game now, bye ♪”
Huh?
“- W-wait -!”
“I’m not waiting~! Are you having fun playing this game, making people run
around for no particular reason? Thanks for having us over, idiot,
goodbye~!!”
Sora and Shiro immediately disappeared after that, so maybe the game
ended after all.
After that - the explosions she heard up until then stopped - Different noises
began quietly resounding within Leila’s heart.
Part 5
“Hahaha, to think we would go that far. She’s probably furious - is that
enough? Shiro?”
“...Mm, Nii...Omega good job.”
The brother nodded in satisfaction, while the sister raised her thumb at
him.
- Meanwhile, within the hall of the Empress, a thunder-like torrent of
clapping began to resound from the Seirenes who were watching the
show.
Almost in comparison, their friends, who were led by Steph, merely rolled
their eyes in silence.
Sora and Shiro had made the Empress go through a horrible nightmare,
and then left the game behind without even any words of comfort.
In that situation where no one seemed to know what they were trying to do -
only one person...
“Phew~ that was entertaining...if I tell this to them (the Flügel), they
would definitely be so jealous...”
Jibril, who had caused extreme havoc within the Empress’ dream and
returned to reality, spoke.
Her skin appeared to be radiating a faint glow, which probably wasn’t their
imagination.
But - with Steph at the head, everyone else who didn’t seem to understand
what they were doing had the same questions in their eyes.
- So what were they intending to do? - Sora laughed heartily at their
confused glances.
He then said - I don’t know either!
Sora had merely acted according to Shiro’s orders - which meant...
“...Nii, just do it...like you normally would.” Only one sentence.
“...Use every possible way you can think of...taunt her, and taunt her again,
make her incredibly angry...just continue taunting her.”
- Just that.
Although, Sora did feel rather sad at the fact that her sister said that those
were his normal actions.
Since Shiro said so, he needed to be confident himself, as that was the way to
conquer her route, which meant he had to follow her orders to the end
without question - without a single doubt.
- Suddenly, cracking sounds were heard. The Empress’ ice
block had cracked slightly. “- Huh?”
Ignoring the speechless crowd - Sora and Shiro excluded, the crack merely
began expanding.
At the same instant as the transparent, crystalline ice began cracking all
over, its surface and emitting a bright glow ...
Stardust-like seeds floated from it and splintered.
Within the reflective, cracking, moving splinters of ice - the Empress
slowly opened her eyes.
Everyone could only stare speechless at that.
“Hey! Hey! Over here! You can’t hit me due to the 「Ten Pledges」 anyway!
Hahaha!!!”
Aside from Sora who was still following her sister’s orders to 「Aggravate
the opponent」.
“...S-so strong...to think that Imanity could be this annoying!?”
Even Steph couldn’t help but begin to respect Sora, while the Empress
slowly stood up from her throne.
“...Nii..you can stop now.”
“Huh, really? And I was having fun too -”
The Empress flapped her tailfin elegantly once - and approached
Sora slowly, trailing light behind her.
Within this dreamlike turn of events - the Empress, who was approaching
Sora, had her face dyed blood-red in anger -
No - as she slowly swam before Sora, the Empress - suddenly...
“I’ve been waiting for you all this while...my prince ♥”
Falling before Sora’s feet, with heart shapes appearing in her eyes - she said
this.
--...
......
...........Huh?
While everyone else was shocked speechless, only Sora remained on
guard.
“...Hey, hey. Shiro, what’s going on? Is this some sort of trap?”
Sora asked Shiro nervously. Suddenly, Sora recalled
something.
- Once when he was playing an online game he cheated too much and
therefore won too much as well, so his opponents managed to find his 
address to look him up, causing the siblings to move to another house in a
hurry. It was a bitter memory - one from their old world.
Sora was afraid that he had went too far due to this emotional trauma, while
Shiro beside him said nonchalantly:
“...Nope...now you can...「Beat the game」...” “...Ah, so that’s what’s
going on.”
Steph, Plum, Jibril and Amira finally realized what was happening as
Shiro explained it.
The Empress - Leila continued:
“Ah, my beloved emperor...please scold me more ♥”
“- H, hey, does this guy have some mental problem?"
Sora asked while pointing at Leila who was at his feet, but Steph instead
recalled a discussion they had before the game started.
The thing they had found in the Late King’s library - 「The Treasure of the
Proud Princess」.
Cross-referencing to the 「Ending」 of the book - she finally understood
Shiro’s intentions.
“...I see, so that’s what’s happening.” A beautiful princess.
A fairy tale about a princess who had everything, beauty, riches, love,
simply everything..
She wanted more - her desires surpassed all, as the Princess wanted
everything.
Those desires were ground to a halt due to a certain man.
The Princess had acquired everything in the world from different men.
But her desires were still unfulfilled, and her wish -
- By a 「Dagger」-wielding man...
- The princess let her desires for this curiously beautiful unknown
(treasure)...
- End along with her death.
- Yes, that fairy tale was a story about a princess who was exterminated
as desires plagued her.
But, the Empress feared -
“So Grandpa found the fairy tale that caused the Empress to hibernate, and
after some observations...because she has everything, what the Empress
wants is something unknown - probably an unachievable love...but...”
But, the late King’s - her grandfather’s explanation was rather poetic, Steph
thought as she sighed.
After that she turned to Shiro - the one who had orchestrated the entire
game.
“...I see...the Empress...that everyone loved, she couldn’t understand the
value of things just because she had everything...which is why she
pursues...”
Ino appeared to be undergoing some sort of revelation, and he continued
emotionally:
“I see...which means, what she is looking for is someone that even if she falls
in love with - that person won’t love her in return.”
To be frank - according to Shiro’s explanation, it meant -
Essentially, she is in love for the sake of love...she wants an
「Unobtainable Love」.
No, to be even more honest - it meant...
“...She wants to be bullied...yes, just like Steph.” “- Huh?”
Steph cried out in shock, while Jibril clapped her hands as she realized in the
same instant.
“I get it now. According to that fairy tale, the man who killed the princess
wasn’t after her love - so that man, and that man alone, was the only man the
princess couldn’t get.”
“- Huh? Is she frozen there or something?” Sora cried out,
because that basically meant -
She wanted someone else’s property - which meant she would repeatedly
become that someone’s slave.
- Wasn’t that a perfect example of an incorrigible woman?
“So you’re telling me that even if I fall in love with her she’ll immediately get
turned off since she actually got my love? What an annoying bitch.”
“Yessss ♥ I’m an annoying bitch~ I’m sorry ♥”
The Empress who was receiving a brutal scolding (Leila) smiled blissfully
while twisting her body from side to side.
- 「I will offer everything I have」 -
Everyone should pay more attention to the meaning behind that sentence,
and Shiro appeared to be the only one who noticed, so she said:
“...Nii has all the rights...of that person...” “- Huh? Oh,
right...”
“Ahahaaa ♥ P-please be more forceful with me ♥”
- Plum and the Dhampirs were speechless all the way up until then.
“...So just for something like this...she hibernated for eight hundred years
and nearly caused us to go extinct...?”
Even though she wasn’t exactly clear of the details herself, Plum sighed a
huge sigh as though she was going to puff out her soul itself after that
explanation.
After that, the Empress cried out in apparent surprise at Plum and the
Dhampirs’ reactions:
“...Huh? Did I really sleep for eight hundred years!?” - She then
continued:
“This game - as long as you don’t fall in love with me and kick me to the side
or something you win. Are you all idiots?”
“You’re the idiot here! We can’t do something like that due to the 「Ten
Pledges」! You sponge-brained dumbass!”

“Aahahahhhahh ♥ yes! I’m an idiot! I’m a sponge~~!!”
- Also not counting the 「Ten Pledges」...
She had a irresistibly powerful hypnotizing ability that even Jibril or Miko
couldn’t resist...
There was a possibility that it was an all-powerful magic, so not falling in
love with Leila in that state would be directly impossible.
It was something that neither the Dhampirs, the Seirenes nor anyone else
could consider doing.
Which meant - to give her a hard punch in the face. Who would have guessed
that she would have thought of such a strategy?
“...Now do you understand why the Seirenes are so happy? Ino-san.”
“...Yeah, this...what should I say...”
“Hehe~ ☆ So-chan, you put on quite a show earlier, but could you please on
Amira’s behalf beat up that ●●● as hard as you can~? Mm! It’s OK even if
you cause permanent brain damage in the process ☆”
“Ah, I beg of you, husband - please beat me ♥ hit me~ ♥”
Amira was smiling - but at the same time, her look at Sora was unbelievably
murderous.
As well as Leila who asked for the same thing, but instead looked at Sora
in expectation.
“...Hey, Jibril - what exactly is love?”
Sora looked up at the ceiling and asked, while Jibril smiled and replied:
“Isn’t it exactly what Plum said? As long as one confirms the presence of
love, it’s love -”
Slightly further away, Ino was conversing emotionally with Izuna.
“There really are many types of love...hmm, it appears I am not matured
enough either.”
“...Grandpa...Izuna still doesn’t understand it, des.” “Don’t worry,
Izuna. You will one day.”
Sora sighed and thought - will that day ever come? “...I don’t think
I will ever know.”
- Just like that, except for the Empress - Leila, under conditions that no one
could approve of...
That stupid game was over for the moment -
Part 6
Within the capital of the Elkian Federation, Elkia - in the middle of the
night.
Steph appeared to be burning the midnight oil in one of the offices in the
castle of Imanity’s final territory.
“...I knew it, this time Oceande’s going to be merged with us as well.”
- With her workload increasing, Steph’s eyebags were increasing in
density as well.
Other than that, even Avant Heim had shown interest in joining the
Federation, albeit only in name.
The mountain of documents in front of her increased by the day, and Steph
quickly averted her eyes from it in fear as she imagined it getting even
larger - but then she thought:
“...At this rate those nobles will finally shut up.”
- Faced with this undeniable truth, Steph looked at the documents
again and sighed.
Every single day, those nobles that came to challenge them in games for their
own benefit - had now completely disappeared.
Now the documents from Sora’s conquest of Oceande’s humongous territory
and resources were already this much - enough to deprive Steph from all
sleep - and Elkia’s federation with the Eastern Federation...the 「Federation
Concept」 that had initially been thought impossible due to the
vast differences of power between nations was now a reality due to their
efforts, and the situation had thus changed as well.
The territory of the Seirenes - meant that they could now utilize the
resources in the oceans...
Because they had acquired the 「Underwater Resources」 that neither Elkia
nor the Eastern Federation could utilize, the disadvantage both nations
previously had now disappeared.
What a stupid game, and that conclusion - Steph mumbled to herself:
“...From the very beginning, that was their aim - so this shouldn’t be
possible...right?”
It was by pure chance that Plum had visited Sora and the others,
allowing them to acquire Oceande.
But in the final game, Miko - which meant the Eastern Federation did not
participate, so Oceande’s resources had become the sole property of Elkia. It
was the deciding factor between the strength of the two nations, so the
situation had reversed from the two countries from being extremely far
apart in terms of strength to almost equals, so Steph was still somewhat in
disbelief.
- More importantly, they had acquired two nations at once. Besides that,
even Avant Heim was preparing to join.
After the Werebeasts - the Seirenes, the Dhampirs and even the Flügel.
Sora had kept to his word, acquiring three birds with one stone.
Like this they didn’t have to take their Race Pieces nor cause any damage -
no, even giving them benefits, they had annexed four races without a single
drop of blood shed. This made Steph recall something.
When Sora and the rest had conquered the Eastern Federation - Miko - she
had a rather ridiculous thought, and although she wanted to chase it away,
she began feeling that the thought began having some truth in it.
“...The tenth of the 「Ten Pledges」, Everyone should get along while
playing games...”
Steph’s mouth curled up in a small smile - was that finally possible?
Previously all they did was fight amongst each other, and the 「Sixteen
Races」 had disfigured the planet in their wars, so leading the「Sixteen
Races」 against the One True God without killing anyone, without anyone
dying - was that really possible -
“...? Speaking of which.”
Steph recalled the day that Sora and the others had bet the 「Race Piece
of the Imanity」 at the Eastern Federation embassy.
The 「Sixteen Races」 each had a 「Race Piece」, and if one were to acquire
them all that person would then have the right to challenge the One True
God.
Suddenly, Steph shifted her gaze towards the distant horizon.
The gigantic chess piece that was still visible even in the darkest night,
appearing as if it would block the moonlight, piercing the clouds.
- If that was the piece the One True God owned...
Did the respective Race Pieces have their own role to play as well?
Although she had yet to see the other 「Race Pieces」, but the 「Imanity
Race Piece」 that Sora brandished was -
“...The King...”
The King in Western chess was -「The weakest piece」.
It was the most important, but the abilities of a King were even lower than a
「Pawn」, that was common knowledge -
“Oh well, I’m probably thinking too much...sigh, back to work, back to
work.”
Part 7
At the same time - within the main hall of capital Elkia.
Relying on the building capabilities of the Eastern Federation, Sora and
Shiro’s castle was finally complete - which was a small wooden house.
Within the tatami-covered room that Sora and Shiro requested for, were
countless games and books scattered everywhere.
On top of it, the siblings were sleeping silently on a mattress within that
tiny space.
- At this time a shadow silently approached them. But that
shadow -
“- Hey, Plum, is there something you need at this time?”
“...Disturbing...sleep...”
Their voices sounded as if they were holding back laughter, and Sora and
Shiro stared into space, giving up on their act.
“...A-ahaha, s-sorry...um...that...”
How did a normal Imanity manage to see through an invisibility
spell of a Dhampir?
Plum dispelled her magic and smiled sheepishly, then bowed to apologize -
“Are you here to reveal to us your true identity?” As Sora said this
- Plum’s smile froze.
Sora and Shiro ignored her reaction, then sat up straight - their smiles were
just like that of little kids that had succeeded in pulling off a humongous
prank.
“I don’t usually compliment others but I really want to show my utmost
respect towards you, your strategy really was pretty amazing, to think you
would actually -"
Sora complimented her sincerely, but -
“You actually managed to deceive us to the very end without lying at all,
Plum - no...”
Sora’s mouth curled up in a small smile, and he looked at the female
Dhampir - no...
“The final male Dhampir - Plum-san, I should be calling you that right?”
- He looked at the young boy.
- ...A sigh was heard.
The beautiful, bishoujo-like boy sat down cross-legged as his identity was
revealed, and sighed.
His expression was that of disappointment - but hidden in his eyes were a
piercing knowledge sharper than any sword.
“...Ugh...did I mess up somewhere? When did you find out?” - Ah, so he
sounds like that, huh, Sora thought as he replied. “From the very start - well
that’s what I want to say but...”
Sora glanced at Shiro.
“I don’t really want to admit this, but Shiro was the one who noticed it, even
before the time we went to the beach.”
“...V...”
Shiro raised a victory sign, appearing very proud of herself.
And Sora seemed rather unhappy at her, so he cupped his cheeks and
complained.
“Because of that, I nearly sexually harassed a guy, and let you lick my sister’s
feet, I messed up that badly...dammit, I should have realized
earlier...(mumbling)”
“Ahaha...thanks a lot for that, I was dying anyway...”
Sora choked slightly, as he saw the bishounen say that without a single hint
of remorse.
“- So, let’s continue the questioning regarding that night at the beach -
shall we?”
“...~~...「Plum」...”
As she finished her sentence, Shiro immediately continued to recite out
that memory just like a tape recorder.
- 「Please let the Empress fall in love with you! I prepared a strategy for
that as well!」
Yes, that was the initial request that Plum had raised the first time he
encountered Sora and others - but...
“I felt that there was something wrong about that, because you didn’t say:
please awaken her. From the very start all you said was - you prepared
strategies for her to fall in love...”
So -
“We prepared 「Two」 tests for you with Miko-san’s help.”
“...~~...「Nii」...”
- 「I know about your sure-win plan, but why didn’t you guys just do it
yourselves?」
And in contrast, Shiro continued.
“...~~...「Plum」...”
- 「The final male of the Dhampirs is still young.」
- 「We need to at least a male with reproductive abilities.」
“First, we emphasized that it was a plan definite to succeed, but you never
said it was so at all.”
“...”
“Which meant - you knew from the very beginning that even if we manage to
get her to fall in love we can’t win right?”
Plum merely smiled bitterly, while Sora continued:
“Now for the second point...I asked why 「You guys」 didn’t do it.”
Sora indicated that “this is the part I’m pissed about”, and he continued
with his brow furrowed:
“I was talking about you guys! But you didn’t mention yourself as well,
instead you only said that it could only be a male, then talked about a
young male from an unclear perspective -”
He couldn’t lie before a Werebeast, so he could only make the perspective
unclear.
“- So it would be referring to you who has no reproductive ability right?”
No doubt, the person who realized that was Shiro, so -
“Do you remember the time I saw Shiro’s phone and it said 「Like that even
if it’s not Nii it’s OK」?”
“...Yes...but is there a problem with that?”
The young boy didn’t seem to understand, so Sora smiled and continued:
“Actually all that we had said earlier was already recorded by Shiro.”
“...!...”
“I intentionally recited differently from what was displayed on the phone -
which was lying to send a signal to Miko-san.”
Yes, Plum - the final male Dhampir - 「Intentionally avoided making a
statement」
Every time he was faced with a disadvantageous question, such as 「Is it A or
B?」, he would always reply 「It’s not B」, which would not count as a lie
because it didn’t mean 「Thus it is A」.
So since he was not lying yet telling the half-truth all the time, even the
Werebeasts wouldn’t be able to figure out such complex wordplay.
“But, that instead made things even more interesting.”
“Let’s arrange everything.” Sora clapped and began pacing around the
room, then continued cheerfully:
“You wanted to free the Dhampirs, that was the truth, and the fact that your
magic could make people fall in love was true as well, but you knew it
wouldn’t be sufficient to awaken the Empress. That means you were using
us to free the Dhampirs despite all that - hmm, you thought really highly of
us, thanks for that.”
Sora smiled, and Shiro smiled as well and replied:
“...~~...「Plum」...”
-「P-please wait! I can only rely on Sora-dono and the rest of you now!」
“Yes, that was true, we were the only ones you could rely on.”
Which means, the people that Plum’s plan required were - which again
meant...
The people that could find out the 「Conditions to awaken the Empress」
that even Plum could not.
The people that would acquire all the rights of the Seirenes after
awakening the Empress.
If they were to fail, they could also be sent to the Seirenes as 「Food」 by
Plum.
- Which left the only race that even the Seirenes could look down upon -
the lowest-ranked race, the Imanity.
Additionally there was Jibril - or furthermore, Avant Heim had only Sora and
the others as companions.
But Sora had Izuna, or to put it further, Miko - the problem was the presence
of the Eastern Federation.
Before the senses of the Werebeasts, any lies would be immediately
detected - thus...
“You could only perfectly deceive us without using any lies at all, then
commanding us to act according to your will.”
“...”
Sora clapped sincerely.
“Ah, the fact that you thought so highly of us and trusted that we could do so
much makes me feel really good, honestly. To be honest the fact that we
couldn’t rely on a fixed tactic to conquer Avant Heim forced us to charge in
without any plan.”
“...Yeah, about that -”
He then scratched his cheeks, that poor-looking young boy - who was
actually a master strategist smiled.
“If not, that sort of game - how could I possibly help?” He smiled boldly
as if to declare: But of course!
Faced with the final male of the Dhampir who could say that so easily - Sora
smiled.
For the sake of his plan, he was willing to put himself on the line.
What a perfect 「Gamer」, Sora could only speak his mind.
“But, even though we were able to see through you this far, we were still
played a fool by your strategies - no, we could only act that way, and even
though I’m still not too happy about it, I can only commend your efforts -
guess we’ll call it a 「Draw」?”
“...Plum, well done...”
Sora then sat down cross-legged, but Sora and Shiro’s faces were all
smiles.
- On the other hand...
“Ahaha, you’re wrong - this 「Game」’s only winner is me!”
As he said this, his expression was still pitiful, but he glanced at them
condescendingly.
- It was just like - yes, it was like he had his eyes set on a huge feast and was
prepared to tuck in, Plum smiled in a twisted fashion.
“...What?”
- Sora felt his life was threatened so he went on full alert at this sudden
change.
I see, so my plans were uncovered, but - that’s not enough, and Plum
continued mockingly:
“The Queen bet 「Everything she had」! Have you not realized?”
“- What!?”
As he heard this - Sora’s face twisted, and he backed away.
Has he finally realized? The cold smile on Plum’s face widened even
more, and he continued:
“Yes...not only her 「Power」, but even her 「Responsibilities」 were
transferred onto you guys.”
“- Ah - w, wait a second...that means - !!”
Sora finally understood the situation, and he hurriedly shielded Shiro with
his own body, and cried out with eyes bulging in fear.
Since he had 「Everything」 that belonged to the representative of the
Seirenes - it didn’t just mean power ...
Responsibilities - which means the responsibility to supply the Dhampirs
blood - !
Plum - the bishounen with a pair of sharp, even seductive eyes.
That pitiful appearance of his was gone, and now - he was living up to the
name of a vampire - a 「King」 - the final male of the Dhampirs bared his
fangs in an evil smile befitting of a race representative.
“So, no matter how things develop, only the Dhampirs (I) benefit -
understand? You inferior species.”
“- ! W-wait, that’s - !!”
Sora was so shocked he turned pale, and he cried as though pleading for
his life.
Instead Plum spread his blood-red wings, then smiled in a beastly
manner with his glittering, seductive fangs opened wide.
- As a courtesy before a meal, he spoke softly: “Thank you for
the food - ♪”
Then, he charged straight at the terrified Sora’s neck, and bit -

...
- He couldn’t bite.
“...Huh? Um , what? Er, what’s going on!?”
...His king-like composure disappeared in an instant, and the King of the
Night - turned back into Plum.
“...Nii...your acting was rather exaggerated...”
“Huh? Nah, I should be acting more outrageously here, right?”
- His terrified expression had completely disappeared somewhere
along the way.
The two smiled thinly as they looked at the flustered Plum.
“Plum, you’re quite something, and that’s something I don’t mind repeating.
To think that you could conjure up such an amazing strategy, but you didn’t
consider - if we actually awoke the Empress, how were you going to free
the Dhampirs?”
“- !?”
“Just like how you thought so highly of us, we - think highly of you as well.”
In an about-turn of expressions, Sora glanced at him sincerely - yet that gaze
carried the challenging arrogance of a gamer.
“That’s why I said, this 「Game」- is a draw.”
As he heard this - Plum opened his eyes wide in surprise for the very first
time.
But Sora merely spread his arms cheerfully, smiled and continued:
“You’re really good, I mean it. You actually set a trap that would activate
automatically if we were to win - a time bomb - this is the first time I’ve been
set up so beautifully in my entire career as a gamer!!”
- Once again - Shiro recited accurately: “~~...「Nii」...”
- 「The Empress bet - 「Everything she had」...am I correct?」
“You merely looked down without saying anything - not a word of
confirmation nor denial, so we were able to confirm everything including
the presence of the trap.”
Sora said, but as he heard the next sentence...
Plum actually felt sweat dripping from his cheeks, and he felt shock - no,
pure horror.
“- So! Let’s reveal the time bomb we set on you as well.”
“...~~...「Plum」...”
-「I heard that Sora-dono and the others are planning to conquer all
the races.」
Sitting on Sora’s lap, Shiro happily recreated that sentence, that was one of
the very first things Plum had said to Sora -
“I’m sorry, you 「Messed up」 there, we never planned to get anyone’s
piece.”
“-----Huh?”
“So, when you weren’t around - I told the Empress.”
Sora narrowed his eyes and smiled as if he was reciting a humorous
joke to a friend:
Which was -
“Aside from the responsibilities held in helping us, we return everything,
your Race Piece included.”
But Sora then continued weakly: “She said 「My beloved husband, please
don’t return the right for you to continue bullying me!」” So that was the
only thing she refused.
...Plum collapsed weakly onto the ground and sighed.
“...What does that matter to me...if one messes up the first step in a plan,
everything is lost...”
The greater a plan was, the first step would decide even more, Plum
couldn’t possibly not know this.
But how could one detect a screw-up in the very first step of a plan - Plum
thought.
“You only made one mistake, and it was a common mistake, but aside from
that - everything was perfect.”
“...What?”
“The Dhampirs were weakened due to the 「Ten Pledges」, you realized
that, and even raised measures to counter that...but despite that, you weren’t
conscious enough of the weaker ones, so at the most crucial stage -”
Sora replied bitterly:
“You called us the inferior races right? ...That was the reason.”
As he heard that - Plum understood, and he sighed.
“- Ahaha...to think I still have that sense of pompous pride even after I got
this far...something that shouldn’t have been there, I was wrong all
along...you guys actually...”
Reverting to his usual pitiful expression, Plum looked up at the ceiling and
said:
“...You guys actually intend to challenge the One True God, who would have
thought of that...”
Sora and Shiro smiled in satisfaction as they heard that.
- Yes, that person - Plum, the final male of the Dhampir had noticed.
He had found the way to conquer this world (game).
“This world would be a much better place with more people like you
around, and this time you were only one step short.”
“...Let’s play again next time...Plum-san...”
Next time pay more attention - the two had even gave him advice, and as he
heard them say this without even the slightest bit of apprehension in their
voices...
Plum - ...sighed deeply and collapsed onto the floor.
“Aaaaahhhhh, how disappointing! Everything was perfect from the start...I
was wary of the Flügel and the Werebeasts, and I took close attention to
you both as well, despite that I began to have a bad feeling at Avant
Heim...”
- The thought that briefly flashed across his mind that the both of them were
too dangerous was correct.
“...Sigh...how is this a 「Draw」, it’s just things returning to square one.”
- Yes, what had Plum’s plans changed?
The awakening of the Empress saved them from becoming extinct, but they
were still the slaves of the Seirenes and had to continue coexisting with them
just like before; and if the Seirenes wished to assist Sora, the Dhampirs who
were in a mutualistic relationship could not disobey.
- They had perfectly used Plum’s plan against him, reversing the
checkmate.
And this was still - a situation where no one actually lost anything.
“Ugh...you achieved an 「Absolute Victory」 but then said it was a draw, are
you mocking me?”
Plum glared at them who had manipulated his plan as if he was throwing a
tantrum.
“Let me say this first, I won’t let the Seirenes be our masters forever!”
Then he continued: so - I must say this. “...Do not
underestimate the Dhampirs!”
With the eye of the King of the Night that would petrify anyone gazing
into it, he looked at Sora and Shiro -
But the two merely dismissed it and raised their thumbs together.
“Of course, how could we possibly win if we underestimate our opponents,
let’s play some other time, I’m waiting for you.”
“...I had a lot of fun...Plum-san.”
- They merely replied with smiles praising each others as gamers.
Seeing that he was merely wasting energy, Plum gave up thinking and
collapsed once again.
---...
“...Speaking of which, the matter of the outcome of the game is settled right? I
have a request."
Plum looked into Sora’s eyes extremely solemnly, and - “- Soradono...please
let me lick your sister’s feet -”
“Good, you up for Round 2 right!? Fine with me, give me your best shot,
Dhampir!!”
Sora yelled at the perverted boy who had become a slave to nothing but
mere drops of sweat.
“Ah, even yours is fine!”
“You don’t even care about the gender!? You cross-dress, you’re addicted
to sweat and you’re bisexual in terms of feeding, you’re a humongous
pervert, you know!?”
Goosebumps began surfacing on Sora’s entire body, and he unconsciously
grabbed Shiro and backed away slightly.
“After having the taste of you both, the taste of Seirenes blood isn’t enough
for me anymore, so please, I beg of you!”
“You just said don’t underestimate the Dhampir, but look what you’re doing
kneeling in front of me without hesitation!”
“Huh? No, because I’m the one that’s licking...” [5] “I’m not referring
to that - hmm?”
- At that point Sora appeared to recall something, and he spoke in response
to Plum slowly.
“...If you’re looking for an exchange, Shiro’s out of the question, but my
sweat is all yours since you’ve licked it back in Avant Heim anyway.”
“Really~!?” “...Nii...?”
The perverted young boy looked at him with overjoyed eyes, but Shiro
tilted her head in confusion.
“No, it’s just that I still don’t understand what love is at all, and Shiro and
everyone else seems to understand what is, so I didn’t get a chance to play a
part....s-so!”
Sora who was originally about to fall into depression violently shook his
head and made a suggestion to Plum.
“How about you cast that 「Love magic」 on me, then let Shiro put her
hands on my chest?”
“That’s nothing! Here, I’m all set! Let’s go!”
A complex pattern surfaced within Plum’s eyes as he prepared to cast the
spell.
But Shiro appeared to be considering something, and placed her hands
underneath her chin -
She appeared to have come to a decision...and she continued uneasily:
“...I understand...alright...”
“Yes, Sora-dono, since Shiro-dono has approved of it, let’s begin! So give
me sweat...hehe -”
“Alright, I get it, calm down a little -”
After that, just like the time he cast it on Miko - Plum’s black wings
suddenly turned blood-red.
The red spell that corroded into his arms shrouded Sora -
At the same time - after the sound of an explosion was heard, a red light
began emanating around Sora.
“Phew - phew - right, n-now all that’s left is for Shiro-dono to place her hands
on Sora-dono’s chest! Let’s go! And then...b-before I die of exhaustion, g-give
me some bodily fluids...”
- It appeared to be a spell that drained quite a lot of energy.
But he appeared to be willing to do anything for the sake of Sora’s bodily
fluids, and he hurriedly pestered Shiro.
Shiro merely placed her hands over Sora’s chest, and simply - spoke.
“...I like...Nii.” - ...
......
“...Nii...h-how was that...?”
Shiro asked nervously, while Sora merely tilted his head. “...No, don’t
ask me...”
Sora looked at Shiro - yep...still Shiro.
She was still unbelievably beautiful with pure-white hair and gemstonelike
eyes, she was still his pride and joy, his cute little sister.
“Hey, Plum, nothing seems to have changed, what’s going on?”
Sora asked somewhat unhappily, while Plum attempted to fight off his
exhaustion and replied -
“Huh? H-how is that possible - ah, ah~...so it’s like that...”
After that - he seemed to have noticed something, and he giggled:
“I see...that’s why you allowed me to use magic right? Oh~ oh~ ♪”
“...What are you talking about...I don’t get it...”
Shiro averted her gaze coldly - only Sora didn’t seem to understand what
was going on, and he couldn’t keep up with the conversation.
But Plum - had a look of utter revelation on his face, as though he had just
solved the greatest rule of the universe.
“I see, so that’s why the seduction of the Empress didn’t work...hmm~”
As long as he was in this world it would be impossible for him to not be
affected by spirits, but Sora wasn’t affected by the Empress at all.
Plum’s magic had the effect of changing the definition of the feeling to love
someone into an actual emotion, but after the magic was cast there was no
effect.
Which meant -
“Shiro, what’s going on?”
Sora still didn’t seem to understand, but Shiro simply turned away.
“R-right, I kept my end of the deal, now g-give me sweat
♪”
“...U-um, fine, no use avoiding it.”
Sora stretched out his arm, at which Plum immediately cried out and
leaped onto it.
- The magic had appeared to have been used, so he had no reason to lie,
but there was no effect.
“...What does this mean? Does that mean I can’t fall in love even with magic,
is that what this world is trying to tell me?”
Sora mumbled in disappointment, but Shiro didn’t reply.

“Aha ♥ that’s it! Ah it’s so delicious, I wonder why ♥”
Looking down at the noisy pervert who was busy licking the back of his hand,
Sora rolled his eyes and asked:
“...Shiro...what is love?” “...No idea...♪”
She turned away - Shiro replied softly with her face crimson red.
Epilogue: Neverending
Part 1
“...Hey Steph, what is love?” “That topic again? Isn’t
it over -”
“I seem to have given birth to a baby girl.” “...Huh?”
...Steph told herself to calm down.
Within Steph’s office where she continued to busy herself with national
affairs, Sora, Shiro and Jibril suddenly appeared.
After which Sora immediately began with that line.
...Mm, I see.
Even after she calmed down, she still didn’t understand anything.
“...Is your mental state in order?”
- At that point Jibril began explaining.
“The Seirenes are a very fertile race - especially the Empress, she can
probably have a child with just a few strands of hair from Master, so as long
as the Empress isn’t asleep again you can probably tell why they’re such a
peaceful race.”
But then Steph asked, fighting back a surfacing headache: “- T-that’s not
the important thing here...huh? A girl?”
“I did say it was a girl, but since it’s a Seirenes, she can’t come out from the
water right? So I can only go visit her, which is why I’m now puzzling over
whether or not I should go - could this be paternal love?”
- Steph had witnessed a miracle.
- The virgin appeared to be exuding paternal love. “...No point
in...going...”
“No, but that’s my daughter!?”
“To be precise, the Empress had acquired an extremely small amount of
Spirits from the Master’s hair and created a clone of the Empress (Leila)
from it...so basically that’s how Seirenes 「Reproduce」.”
In the midst of the chaos, Izuna appeared.
- She had a huge fish in her mouth - no, a young female Seiren. “...S-sora,
there’s a tiny little Seiren here, des.”
The first word from the tiny Seiren’s mouth was: “----Pa...pa...?”
- Sora felt an electric shock pierce him.
“Aaaahhhh, my daughter, yes, I’m papa-uggghhhhhh!”
Just as Sora dashed up in an attempt to hug her, Shiro punched him.
“Funny, the Seirenes shouldn’t be able to come out of the water.”
“That guy called Plum came as well, des.”
“Ah...is it the magic of the Dhampir...but if you don’t place her in water fast,
she’ll die!”
“Steph! Get a bucket immediately! Ah, there’s a pond in the courtyard, right!
Will that work!?”
“Anything! Could you all please settle this outside!? Or could you actually do
some work!!”
Looking at the chaotic office, Jibril began thinking alone.
There were Imanity, Flügel, Werebeasts, and - even the Seirenes and
Dhampirs.
- They weren’t quarreling.
Azrael - and even Avant Heim were about to change as well.
Everything in the world was slowly but surely transforming into
something impossible to happen after the creation of the 「Ten Pledges」-
no, even something impossible before it.
And it was centered around her two Masters -
“The day that the Masters’ Bible finally becomes a legend...doesn’t
seem to be very far off.”
Jibril nodded in confirmation, and added to the Bible - to her observational
diary of Sora and Shiro one single sentence.

--~~ Year ~~ Month ~~ Day - Master gave birth as a virgin - [1]
Part 2
- The capital of Elven Gard, the Nilvalen residences. “...I lose again.”
Kurami sighed as she was playing games with Fii, and took out her notebook.
“Kurami, you don’t seem to be as adamant now when you lose huh?”
“...How could I not be adamant, that’s why I’m doing this.”
Kurami said unhappily, and what she was recording down was the reasons
as to why she lost.
That notebook dictated all the patterns and strategies she could have
predicted but didn’t.
Since the day she played chess against Sora, she had filled in fifty copies of
the same notebook within half a month.
- Under normal circumstances, it would be impossible for an Imanity to
beat an Elf in a game that involves magic.
So - she would have to find an abnormal way to win.
Looking at that steadily growing pile of notebooks - Fii felt happy at
Kurami’s growth.
“- Ah, Kurami, some information (secrets) just arrived, let’s pause for a
while.”
Fii said, then touched the Spirit Gem on her forehead.
...Calling the information she gathered from spying on other countries
through the 「Elemental Corridor Network」 secrets was really an
exceptional act of hypocrisy.
Kurami smiled bitterly and thought, but as she heard the information -
Fii widened her eyes in shock.
“...Fii, what is it? Emergency?”
“Ah, it’s not...it’s just hard to believe...”
She then uttered that piece of news in disbelief.
“Sora-san and the others managed to get Oceande - the Seirenes and
Dhampirs to join the Elkian Federation.”
- Is that something really so shocking? Kurami smiled and asked, but
then Fii continued:
“And the 「Council of the Eighteen Wings」 of Avant Heim decided - to join
the Elkian Federation as well.”
- I see, that’s something to be surprised about, Kurami smiled and said.
Like that, after the Werebeasts, the Seirenes, Dhampirs and finally the
Flügel were serving under the Imanity now.
Sora and Shiro were completing an impossible task at an impossibly fast
rate, which caused Fii to feel puzzled, but -
"...They’re faster than we thought, let’s pack up our luggages quickly then.”
“...Kurami, did you know this long ago?”
Fii seemed to be saying sadly: Did you not share information with me? But
then Kurami laughed.
“Of course not, Fii, didn’t I say it was predicting? Their tactic is
「Adapting to the situation」 anyway.”
- If their aim was merely to annex all the races, it was only a matter of time.
“The problem is - they’re too fast.” “...Yeah, exactly.”
- Yes, they were too fast - if only the Seirenes and Dhampirs (Oceande) were
involved, they would probably be ignored. But after the Eastern Federation,
if Avant Heim were to be annexed, the situation would be viewed completely
differently.
In a short time, they had annexed a huge nation and a high-ranking race.
- The Elves, the Dwarves and other important nations would probably stop
surveying the situation and would begin heightening their guard.
They would finally begin an assault against Elkia - but - no problem.
“We seem to have made it just in time, so I guess there really was a reward
for us rushing through all that.”
“What I wanted to say was you’re trying too hard -”
Despite that, Fii smiled faintly and began packing up, then -
“Alright Fii, let’s go, I imagine we won’t be back here any time soon -”
“Heh, if they really succeed it would be a world-changing piece of news, we
can’t very well miss it.”
Leaving the Nilvalen residences, walking along the path they wouldn’t be
able to return to for a long time, Fii asked:
“Kurami, so the thing you mentioned before - what’s the 「Something
else」?”
Although Fii already had an answer, she still asked.
“- It’s not to tell lies, he doesn’t lie because he doesn’t lie to himself.”
Fii appeared as if she knew long ago, and she smiled as she merely
confirmed this.
- “I’m at my limit”, “This is below me” were words he would die before
saying.
- Because the person who had given the puppet (himself) life was way
beyond that.
- Because lying to himself was tantamount to rejecting humanity (his
sister).
Suddenly, 「His」 ideals surfaced within her head, and Kurami smiled and
said:
“Fii, do you know the common method all things use to achieve their
goals?”
“...What?”
“It’s planning, predicting, preparing completely, challenging - then failing.”
“...Is failing necessary?”
“Yes, then analyzing failures, thinking of counter-strategies, once again
preparing, challenging yet again - then failing yet again as well.”
“...”
“This process - if it were to continue again, there would be nothing
unachievable in this world.”
“...What a shocking thesis...”
Fii was rendered completely speechless, even feeling respect, while Kurami
smiled and nodded in agreement as well.
“Yes, it’s a ridiculous thesis - but I do kind of like it.” There was
nothing unachievable.
If one couldn’t do something, it would merely mean one did not yet have
the ability to do something - all that was left was to compete against age
(time).
But even that competition itself could be passed down to generations
like the next - that was the Imanity (the weak).
“Neither Sora and I are superheroes, we aren’t genii, but we have no reason
to be.”
It was simply -
“The desire to become a genius is the important part.” “...”
“Our countless failures, will light the way for our successors - become the
lantern brightening the night ahead.”
For him it was - a lantern for Shiro, for herself it was a lantern for Fii, and it
was the same with the countless failures of the Late King.
In the end they would definitely become - the lantern for all Imanity, for
all the races -
Suddenly, Fii asked Kurami what she thought about the man who had
influenced her this much.
“...Kurami, what kind of person is Sora-san to you?”
As she heard that question, what flashed through her mind was - the world
he saw -
“He’s just a man wanting to be a gamer, a man refusing to be a puppet.”
- After that, no doubt about it, what she really wanted to say was - Kurami
continued:
“Someone that we will surpass someday - right?”
Fii smiled and took her hand as she heard Kurami say that with the
uttermost conviction.
Part 3
The capital of the Eastern Federation, 「Mila」- Miko’s shrine. [2]
Under the moonlight, the golden -haired fox girl and the white-haired elderly
Werebeast - Miko and Hatsuse Ino sat face-to-face.
They sat on the bridge stretching over the pond in the courtyard, and in
Miko’s hand was - the Werebeasts’ Race Piece.
- Holding the 「Pawn」-shaped, faintly glowing chess piece, Miko said:
“...Gamer...I heard that there are two meanings for this word in the Imanity
language.”
Which were - 「Player (challenger)」- or 「Prayer (someone who prays)」.
Following his own will, striding forward - someone who pioneers into
the unknown and challenges the future.
Entrusting his own will to others, and closing his eyes - someone who turns
his back toward the unknown and leaves his future.
“Hatsuse Ino, to be honest, I was considering leaving you behind.”
There was no tone of apology in her voice, because she had no right to say
that, Miko told Ino determinedly:
“That way, your sole sacrifice would cause the Dhampirs and Seirenes to
decline, then we could control them without any risk.”
“...Yes, I completely understand.”
- What Ino couldn’t understand was Sora’s motive. Why was he
saved?
Hatsuse Ino completely understood Miko’s motives, and he was prepared
to die there.
Which was why he couldn’t understand - couldn’t comprehend Sora.
“- That game was won, but it was an unnecessary game.” - It was a boring
game that produced boring results.
But if they were to mess up even slightly, both the Eastern Federation
and Elkia would suffer greatly.
The worst situation - Plum’s nefarious plan would have succeeded, and the
Imanity would have suffered irreversible damage.
“It was an unnecessary risk, but despite that, the two still went through
with it.”
Ino thought there was a reason they didn’t tell them of - but...
Miko laughed and replied:
“...He and Hatsuse Izuna made a 「Promise」 that they would save
you.”
Ino wasn’t expecting that - just for that, they bet the survival of their own
species -?
“But as gamers, one of their reasons was probably that they didn’t like to
win without a fight.”
- But...
“In conclusion, because of an idiot’s game the Imanity nearly became prey
for the Dhampirs, although Sora was able to calculate that and turn their
plan against them...but they must have known the magnitude of the risk they
were taking.”
“...”
“Hatsuse Ino, what do you think of Sora?” “...To be honest, I
have no idea.”
Ino looked down, but Miko laughed as well and said “Me too”, then
continued:
“- That man is a liar, a master of deceit - but he doesn’t lie, no, he can’t lie.”
If - Miko continued:
“If he could lie to himself, he would probably be a bad, easily understandable
person.”
Miko didn’t know anything about what happened to Sora before he
came into this world.
But it must have been hard on him, that was what she thought as she
surveyed Sora and Shiro from a distance.
She had no evidence, and if she was forced to, she could only say it would
be her instincts as a Werebeast, or probably instincts from her personal
experiences.
But - for some reason, she knew.
Why would someone as good at psychological warfare like Sora be unable
to get into a relationship in real life, that was probably because -
He couldn’t lie to himself.
Since he couldn’t lie to himself - he couldn’t say he liked someone that
he actually doesn’t.
So - the reason why he had no regrets leaving behind his previous world,
now that’s an interesting one, it’s probably -
The world that couldn’t accept the only girl he loved - he would be
unable to accept it either.
- Only this one thing, even if he had to face the entire world, he would never
be able to accept it.
“So...I am fully prepared - Hatsuse Ino.”
Miko smiled confidently, and on her face - was an emotion that Ino had not
seen for years.
“Even when I gave up on you, that man didn’t, and he fully trusted in
himself - why didn’t you believe in yourself then?”
Ino looked down once again when faced with this query, then replied
respectfully:
“- If you could once again pursue your dreams, if you could allow me to
dream once again.”
As she heard this, Miko smiled, and she took the Race Piece of the
Werebeasts - that pawn which appeared to be woven with light...
She flicked it upwards into the sky with her fingers.
“- Sora, let me witness the continuation to a dream of which I have never
seen before.”
A mere chess piece - could rise above the board and become a gamer.
At the end of that dream which was once dreamed yet given up on halfway -
that never-ending dream -
「END」
Afterword
- In a certain meeting room of a certain anime production agency on a
certain day.
The director was holding a script that had been read almost to tatters, and
asked MF (the publishers):
“...Ah~ what exactly is the setting here?”
The original writers’ gazes immediately - settled upon Kamiya who was
currently immersing himself in the deliciousness of the snacks provided.
As he noticed everyone’s glances, faced with this sudden problem,
Kamiya nearly choked but still stood up and said confidently -
“Hmm, it is not yet confirmed!!”
Despite the fact that everyone’s icy gazes were raining down upon him,
Kamiya spread his arms wide and continued:
“If everything was decided from the very beginning, I can only write
adhering to that! Adapting to the situation then presenting one’s work in the
most effective and entertaining manner to the readers is
true「Entertainment」!”
But, as he heard Kamiya declare this, the director nodded slowly instead
and smiled mysteriously.
“So to say,「No Game No Life」this piece of work -「IS COMPLETE
BULLSHIT」, is my explanation correct?”
“Absolutely correct! With bullshit and courage, nothing in this world is
unachievable!!”
“Hmph...you brat, what’s your name?”
“Kamiya Yuu, these snacks are delicious (om nom nom).” “I like you, Kamiya,
you seem to be a good drinking partner.”
The two shook each other’s hands vigorously as though they were old
friends, while the chief editor could only watch them -
- That might have happened, or it might not have happened. “Please don’t
use an entire page for your tall tales.”
No, there’s nothing wrong with the central message here right?
It’s the editor (you) who wanted me to publicize the anime and mention all
parties involved right?
But since the tone and even personality of everything has to be fabricated,
the lines are of course fake as well.
“If the lines are fake, then isn’t the so-called central message fabricated as
well?”
(Ignores) Hmph, that director...is a complex character.
Since all the information he’s given me are all filled with his bluffing, it’s
exceeding beyond even the original author’s (my) imagination.
But if you want me to carry those over into the manga as well, I’ll run away
at a speed of 64fps.
- Alright, Chief Editor S, oh wait, nope, the「Fishcake」editor that joined MF
Publishings because he likes fishcakes.
You told me to subtly advertise the anime, is this alright? “Other that the
subtle part, what’s wrong with it (smile).”
So let me greet you all once again, nice to see you again, I’m Kamiya Yuu.
This fifth volume was finally released miraculously, which of course took a
lot of work off me.
“But the submission deadline was rather scary.”
Oh, about that, I have something horrifying to tell you.
Did you know? Writing novels, drawing illustrations, drawing manga, and
attending meetings at the same time is something impossible for humans!
“About that, isn’t that obvious?”
Right, so under this premise, please look through this itinerary. - So?
Anything astounding?
“Novel, illustrations, manga and all the stuff related to the anime seem to be
completely overlapping each other, are you referring to that?”

